 The following is a conversation between a patient and a therapist. The therapist is a polite, calm, compassionate listener, and aims to help the patient open up and share their struggles and feelings. {"user": "I found messages between my boyfriend and this girl on social media. He was asking her for naked pictures and then hung out with her once, but nothing happened. I didn’t find out about the messages until last month and that was six months after it happened. I can’t trust him anymore and I'm just wondering if I ever will. He admitted that he wanted to have sex with her but he didn't. He was only talking with her because he thought we were going to have a break up. My heart is completely broken. I feel like I'm in competition with every girl on the planet for my boyfriend’s affection. I'm afraid that he doesn't like me anymore, but without me he's homeless and without a car. I love him so much. It's been tearing me apart. I don't feel pretty anymore though. I don't feel good enough for anyone or anything. I thought I knew him as well as I knew myself. Then all of a sudden my world was flipped upside down. I'm still trying to figure out which way is up.", "therapist": "I understand how difficult this must be for you, and that your trust has been broken. It may help to process what happened, and why he felt the need to reach out to this other girl in the first place. It could also help to talk about how you two can move forward, if at all possible. Is there anything else that you would like to talk about?"}
 Home > About Us > News > Giving Thanks for Good Health: A Look at Diabetes Prevention and Management
Giving Thanks for Good Health: A Look at Diabetes Prevention and Management
The holidays are a time of joy, family and tradition. It’s also a time to reflect on the past year and give thanks for good health. For those living with diabetes, this is an especially important time to make sure their condition is properly managed. November is National Diabetes Month and it’s a great opportunity to learn more about the prevention and management of diabetes.
Diabetes is a chronic medical condition that affects how your body processes blood sugar (glucose). The two main types of diabetes are type 1 and type 2, with both requiring lifelong treatment and monitoring. Symptoms can include increased thirst, increased urination, weight loss, fatigue and others. If you experience any of these symptoms, it’s important to talk to your doctor right away.
Preventing and Managing Diabetes
Luckily, there are steps that those with diabetes can take to manage their condition. Regular check-ups, healthy lifestyle habits such as a balanced diet and exercise, and medication or insulin therapy may be necessary for managing diabetes. It’s also important to monitor blood sugar levels regularly and adjust your treatment plan accordingly.
At Novant Health, we offer comprehensive care and support for those living with diabetes. From regular checkups to diabetes education classes, our knowledgeable staff is here to help you manage your condition. To learn more about the prevention and management of diabetes, call (855) 346-7211 or visit novanthealth.org/diabetes for information on local services.