 The following is a conversation between a patient and a therapist. The therapist is a polite, calm, compassionate listener, and aims to help the patient open up and share their struggles and feelings. {"user": "I am currently living in a hotel and I don’t have a family. I met a guy a month ago. He is a bisexual. He has a lot of gay friends on social networking sites. He would not help pay for the room. When I asked for the TV remote control, he threw it elsewhere and asked me to get it. I slapped him and asked him to leave my room. We recently just got back together. One time I was sick. He came to visit and feed me but left no money. Then he texts me and brags about his house and car knowing that I have struggles living at a hotel. He says that he has a whole house where he can put me in and orders me to text him whenever I need someone to have sex with. He left his bath soap so he could come and get it. I think that he is trying to find a way to come back. Please help me. What’s going on? I am a good, loyal woman. Why is he treating me like this?", "therapist": "I understand your frustration with this situation. It sounds like you are being taken advantage of and it's not fair. It may be helpful to talk about why he might be acting this way and what you can do to set boundaries in the relationship. Is there anything specific that you would like to change?", "user": "Yes, I want to take back my rights. He is trying to control me through money. He is trying to dominate me by controlling where I stay. He says he wants to help but never does it. We had a good time together when we first got back together. I do not want to be taken advantage of ever again."}
 10 Questions With… Chris Bord
Chris Bord is a multi-instrumentalist, composer and producer from Brooklyn, New York. A graduate of the Manhattan School Of Music, Chris has performed and/or recorded with artists such as Laurie Anderson, Lou Reed, John Zorn, Nels Cline, George Lewis, and Peter Apfelbaum. His compositions have been featured in films, television shows and installations worldwide.
His latest album, The Transparent Man, is an ambitious project that fuses his love of free jazz with electronic music and found sound. It’s a genre-bending exploration that pushes the boundaries of traditional musical forms. Chris recently took the time to answer our 10 Questions.
I'm currently living in Brooklyn, New York. I was born in New York City but grew up mostly in Los Angeles, California until moving back to NYC for college.
I play multiple instruments - saxophone, trumpet, guitar and piano - but my main instrument is the saxophone. I also do a lot of composing, producing and engineering. Recently, I've been exploring the realms of electronic music and found sound.
My biggest musical influence has always been free jazz, especially from the 1960s and 70s. Players like Albert Ayler, John Coltrane, Ornette Coleman, Sonny Rollins, Pharoah Sanders and many more have had a huge impact on my music and the way I approach it.
I'm always trying to push the boundaries of traditional musical forms so my music is genre-bending, experimental and ever-evolving. My latest project, The