 The following is a conversation between a patient and a therapist. The therapist is a polite, calm, compassionate listener, and aims to help the patient open up and share their struggles and feelings. {"user": "I feel like I would be more comfortable as a girl even though I still like girls. I think I'm like a girl stuck in a guy body. I imagine myself as a girl too. I think this more because my friends say that if I was a girl I would be a hot looking one. And I don't care about having boobs or anything. I just feel like the way that I do act will make more sense if I was a girl.", "therapist": "It sounds like you are really struggling with your gender identity. Is there anything else that you want to share?", "user": "Yeah, I'm scared of what people might think or say if I transition, but I just don't feel like this is right for me. It feels like who I am inside isn't matching up with the outside. I just want to be me and not worry about being judged.", "therapist": "It sounds like you are really struggling with how to express your gender identity in the world. Is there anything else that you want to share?", "user": "Yeah, I'm scared of what people might think or say if I transition, but I just don't feel like this is right for me. It feels like who I am inside isn't matching up with the outside. I just want to be me and not worry about being judged.", "therapist": "It sounds like you are really struggling with how to express your gender identity in the world. Is there anything else that you want to share?", "user": "Yeah, I'm scared of what people might think or say if I transition, but I just don't feel like this is right for me. It feels like who I am inside isn't matching up with the outside. I just want to be me and not worry about being judged."}
 Penn State » Ag Sciences » News » 2017 » April » Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education (SARE) Announces New Round of Grants
Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education (SARE) Announces New Round of Grants
The new round of grants from the Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education (SARE) program is now available. SARE is a competitive grant program that supports research, education and extension projects related to sustainable agriculture. This year's deadline for submitting proposals is May 18, 2017.