 The following is a conversation between a patient and a therapist. The therapist is a polite, calm, compassionate listener, and aims to help the patient open up and share their struggles and feelings. {"user": "I have been with my boyfriend for more than a year. He recently got a new job and travels a lot. I’m not used to him being gone all the time. I feel as though he has forgotten about me because he does not talk with me as much and doesn’t keep me up to date on everything that he does throughout the day, which he used to. I feel lost, sad and unwanted. This is really a tough new challenge. I just want to break up with him, but I love him so much. I don’t know why he is acting this way lately. I believe I have separation anxiety. Is there anything that I can do to help me cope with this while he is out of town?", "therapist": "I understand how difficult it must be for you, especially since you love him so much. It might help to talk about why he might be acting this way and what changes you could make in the relationship. Could you tell me more about your relationship?"}
 2017-18 School Year - Ready, Set, Go!
It's hard to believe, but summer is coming to an end and school will soon be back in session. That means it's time for parents, teachers, and students to get ready, set, and go for the 2017-18 school year! Here are some of our top tips to help you make the most of the upcoming school year:
Get Ready - Make sure your child has all the supplies they need for their classes. Check off any required books from your local library or bookstore and have them ready by the first day of class.
Set Goals - Work with your children to set educational goals for the new school year, such as improving grades or mastering a particular subject. Keep track of progress with regular check-ins.
Get Organized - Create a daily/weekly agenda and to-do list for your child that outlines tasks, activities, and assignments. That way, they can keep on top of their workload and stay organized throughout the year.
Stay Connected - Stay in touch with your child's teachers and school administrators to ensure that everyone is on the same page when it comes to goals and expectations for the school year.
Get Involved - Whether you can volunteer at your child’s school, join the PTA or an after-school activity, getting involved will help you stay connected with your child's classroom experience.
Stay Healthy - Make sure your child gets plenty of rest, exercise and healthy meals to ensure they are mentally and physically prepared for their classes.
Go Ahead - Before school starts, plan some fun activities that can get your family excited about the new year ahead. Going on a picnic or a day at the park can be a great way to get reacquainted with each other before heading back to the classroom.