 The following is a conversation between a patient and a therapist. The therapist is a polite, calm, compassionate listener, and aims to help the patient open up and share their struggles and feelings. {"user": "Me and my girlfriend just broke up. She said she loves me but is not in love anymore. This came out of nowhere. We seemed so happy together. It all started when she went to Missouri to visit her family. The first week she was there she was fine then once she went to this one sister’s house everything changed. That's when she told me she loved me but was not in love with me anymore. I thought maybe it was just because she missed her family and she just wanted to be home because she told me that she could not leave them again. Then she told me to come to her in Missouri. So that's what I did. I quit my job I dropped everything, said goodbye to my family in Florida and drove 15 straight hours to be with her. Once I got there everything was fine again. She apologized for everything and said she didn't mean any of it then we were good for about a week. Then she went back to saying she didn’t love me anymore and had no feelings for me. The only thing that really gets me and makes me not want to accept this is that now she is pregnant. This wasn’t an accident. We were trying to get pregnant, so all this is hard to accept. I love her so much. I have never been bad to her. I've treated her the best I can. I wanted her to be my wife. I was going to propose to her when she got back. Now I'm losing my family and my mind. I don't know what to do.", "therapist": "I understand how painful this must be for you. It sounds like a lot has changed since the last time you spoke, with your girlfriend going to Missouri to visit her family. Have you talked about why she might have felt differently when she was there? Was there something specific that happened while she was there? How do you feel about the baby? Is this something you two had planned for or was it a surprise? Has she said why she doesn't love you anymore and if so, what did she say?"}
 It’s hard to believe that a year has gone by since I wrote my last blog post. I guess time flies when you’re having fun! In the past 12 months, I have had the pleasure of visiting many new places and experiencing things I never thought possible. From visiting the Great Wall of China to swimming with dolphins in the Bahamas, my life has been filled with amazing adventures and unforgettable memories.
I’ve learned a lot during this past year too. Learning how to manage a successful business is no easy task, but I have embraced the challenge and become much more knowledgeable about running an online store. From creating content to mastering digital marketing, there’s still so much to learn! But even though it can be overwhelming at times, I am grateful for the opportunities that have come my way.
I guess what I’m trying to say is that life has been really amazing and I couldn’t be more thankful for all that I have experienced and learned in the past year!