 The following is a conversation between a patient and a therapist. The therapist is a polite, calm, compassionate listener, and aims to help the patient open up and share their struggles and feelings. {"user": "I've never been able to talk with my parents. My parents are in their sixties while I am a teenager. I love therapisth of them but not their personalities. I feel that they do not take me seriously whenever I talk about a serious event in my life. If my dad doesn’t believe me, then my mom goes along with my dad and acts like she doesn’t believe me either. I’m a pansexual, but I can’t trust my own parents. I've fought depression and won; however, stress and anxiety are killing me. I feel that my friends don't listen to me. I know they have their own problems, which I do my best to help with. But they don't always try to help me with mine, when I really need them. I feel as if my childhood has been taken from me. I feel as if I have no one whom I can trust.", "therapist": "It sounds like you are going through a difficult time. It is understandable that it would be hard to open up to your parents, since they may not understand the lifestyle choices you make or how you feel about them. Perhaps talking with someone who is more neutral and understanding could help alleviate some of these feelings. Have you ever considered talking with a therapist?"}
 The Best Movies on Netflix Right Now (June 2019)
There are so many great movies available to stream on Netflix right now, it can be hard to decide what to watch! To help make the process easier, we’ve compiled a list of our top picks for the best movies on Netflix right now. These are all amazing films that you won't want to miss!
The Best Movies on Netflix Right Now (June 2019):
A visually stunning drama about a teenager coming of age in rural Japan, from director Kore-eda Hirokazu. The story follows the eponymous protagonist as he navigates his family’s struggles to make ends meet and searches for something more meaningful in life. A beautiful and tender exploration of growing up and finding one's place in the world.
An animated comedy about a teenage boy who discovers that his town is cursed with an eternal winter, and must team up with a magical snowman to undo the curse. It's a heartwarming story of friendship and overcoming adversity, with stunning visuals and plenty of laughs along the way.
This documentary follows a group of teens at a summer camp for aspiring actors in upstate New York. A revealing look at the lives of these young performers as they struggle to find their place in an ever-changing entertainment industry, it's both inspiring and heartbreaking.
The third and final installment of the Pixar trilogy, following the adventures of unlikely heroes Woody, Buzz Lightyear, and the other toys. It’s a thrilling conclusion with plenty of comedy and emotion as the characters face their ultimate destiny. A perfect way to end the series!
An epic adventure about two rival explorers in search for the legendary city of gold. With stunning visuals, an exciting