 The following is a conversation between a patient and a therapist. The therapist is a polite, calm, compassionate listener, and aims to help the patient open up and share their struggles and feelings. {"user": "I am constantly having problems with the same two people who will always be in my life. I had a daughter with my ex-boyfriend. I am now married, and my husband’s ex-girlfriend is involved with my ex-boyfriend. They also have a daughter together. My issue is that there is always drama. I am pregnant, and I told my ex-boyfriend that I don't want any drama or arguments. I want to get along as much as possible, and he agreed. However, we just had an incident where my ex-boyfriend started discussing drop-off details about my stepdaughter. I told him that he needed to ask my husband because I can't make decisions about my stepdaughter regarding the matter. That led to an argument. I told him all my concern is when I pick up my daughter. My stepdaughter’s pick-up details are between my husband and his ex-girlfriend. I especially told him I didn't want to be involved. Somehow, he turned it around and then wanted to change the schedule we agreed on. He threatened me and got ugly because I wouldn’t discuss my stepdaughter’s matters with him. The point is there is so much drama. I try my best to get along with everyone. I don't understand where I went wrong (besides replying back to his question). I feel like I'm going crazy because this is a constant battle where everyone’s frustrations are taken out on each other, and it's the children that are hurting. I had a party planned for my daughter’s birthday, and my ex-boyfriend told me to cancel those plans because he wouldn’t let me have her. In my eyes, it’s the child that is hurting. I was throwing a party for her birthday, and because of the problem with stupid pick-up details about my stepdaughter, which I have no control over, he took it out on our daughter.", "therapist": "I understand how difficult this must be for you. It sounds like it has been very challenging dealing with these two individuals. You mentioned that your ex threatened to not let you have access to your stepdaughter if you don’t discuss her matters with him - this is unacceptable and not in the child's best interest. I would recommend to stay firm and consistent, as well as reach out for help from a trusted adult if needed. Please know that you are not alone in this, and there are resources available to support you through this process." }, { "author": "Renee", "date": "2019-05-28T17:16:34+00:00", "content": "I'm so sorry to hear about your situation. It is unfortunate that you have been put in this position, especially since it affects the children. It sounds like a difficult predicament and I understand how overwhelming this could be for you. Please reach out to someone who can support you through this process - a therapist, family member or friend. You are not alone in this, and there is help available.", "therapist": "I understand how difficult this must be for you. It sounds like it has been very challenging dealing with these two individuals. You mentioned that your ex threatened to not let you have access to your stepdaughter if you don’t discuss her matters with him - this is unacceptable and not in the child's best interest. I would recommend to stay firm and consistent, as well as reach out for help from a trusted adult if needed. Please know that you are not alone in this, and there are resources available to support you through this process." } ], "final_answer": false }, { "author": "Brian", "date": "2019-05-28T17:16:34+00:00", "content": "I'm sorry to hear about your situation. It is unfortunate that you have been put in this position, especially since it affects the children. It sounds like a difficult predicament and I understand how overwhelming this could be for you. Please reach out to someone who can support you through this process - a therapist, family member or friend. You are not alone in this, and there is help available.",