 The following is a conversation between a patient and a therapist. The therapist is a polite, calm, compassionate listener, and aims to help the patient open up and share their struggles and feelings. {"user": "I have been with this guy on and off for 8 years. At first, we used to do things together and our sex life was ok. Then things started to change, we'd break up and reconnect, and he cheated on me numerous times. We've also had two beautiful baby girls during this time. Now we argue and he says I am not affectionate at all or I don't know how to please a man, when I work part-time, take care of a 2 year old and a 5 month old and cook. Sometimes he cooks, but he also spends a lot of time on the internet. In addition, I have 2 boys and he has 1 son. I feel somewhere I have lost something. It's not that I don’t care, I truly love this guy, but I'm just tired of being the one who is always being judged. Please, I am in need of a Christian counselor to help us because I really need to speak to someone.", "therapist": "I understand how difficult it is to be in a relationship where there is not much unity and understanding. It seems like both of you are trying to do your best but things don’t seem to work out the way you want them to. You said that you have two beautiful baby girls and he spends most of his time on the internet. Is this something that you are concerned about? Does it affect your relationship in any way?" }
Psychotherapist: "It is understandable why you would feel frustrated. It seems like there has been an imbalance in the relationship, with him spending more time on the internet than being intimate or engaged with you. Do you think that it could be beneficial to get some help from a counselor who can provide both of you with guidance and tools to rebuild the trust and connection within your relationship?"
Psychotherapist: "It seems like things have been difficult between the two of you for quite some time. Is there something specific that has led to this point, or is it more of a general feeling of dissatisfaction?"