 The following is a conversation between a patient and a therapist. The therapist is a polite, calm, compassionate listener, and aims to help the patient open up and share their struggles and feelings. {"user": "A friend of mine taking psychology advised I go to my doctor to check if I have major depressive disorder. I'm afraid of the consequences of doing so. If I do become diagnosed with major depressive disorder, won’t that go on my records? I will never be able to become a counselor along with a list of other things I may be prohibited from. I’m also afraid of taking any anti-depressants. This year, my doctor gave me some for a "dislocated hip." I had a severe reaction and passed out moments after taking them. Everyone I know who has taken anti-depressants says it’s a bad idea all around and you’re better getting treatment without them. I’m concerned they might take me to a clinic and force me to take medication because I am unable to make decisions on my own. I’m not really suicidal, but I am not really taking care of myself either. Someone also told me they still use electroshock therapy. I’m not keen on that. I’m wondering if I am better off just getting self-help and working things out on my own. It’s just that I've been an emotional mess since I was in elementary school. I’ve graduated now and tried to stay positive and be happy, but I cannot deny I still am not good.", "therapist": "It is understandable that you are feeling overwhelmed and anxious about the possibility of being diagnosed with major depressive disorder. If you feel you are in need of medical help, it may be beneficial to seek out a professional who can provide support and guidance. Everyone is different and will respond differently to treatment. It would be beneficial for you to explore your options and find the best course of action that suits your needs. With regards to anti-depressants, it might help to speak with a medical professional as they may be able to offer more insight into how these medications could potentially benefit you without causing any harm. You do not need to make any decisions now but can take time to consider all of your options and make an informed decision that is best for you.", "name": "Anonymous" }