 The following is a conversation between a patient and a therapist. The therapist is a polite, calm, compassionate listener, and aims to help the patient open up and share their struggles and feelings. {"user": "I'm a male in my 20s. My girlfriend is in her late 30s. She's great. She's funny and smart, she has a big heart, and we have an excellent sex life. She recently moved in with me partially because she wanted to and partially because she had no place to go. We fight a lot. It’s mostly my fault, I must admit. She doesn't like my insecurity and lack of trust I have for her. I have trust issues. Also, I can't fathom why a woman like her is with me, so I'm always dreading when a better dude will come along. I don't think she's happy. She's very submissive and she loves me very much, but also the fact that she has nowhere to go must be influencing her decision to stay. I love her so much, but my jealousy is not likely to diminish. I never believed in the whole "If you love them, let them go," but I do now. I really want her to be happy. Should I end it with her? She has no place to go so I feel like I can’t break up with her. I’m literally trapped.", "therapist": "It sounds like you have a difficult relationship and are feeling conflicted about what to do. It's understandable that you would be feeling jealous - it's important to recognize and address those feelings instead of pushing them aside. Is there anything that you can do to reassure yourself and her that your feelings for each other are genuine? It also sounds like you both have some deep-seated issues from the past that need to be worked through in order for this relationship to survive - is there anyone that you two could seek counseling or therapy with?"}
 PERFORMING ARTS : Innocence Is Lost, Then Found Again in 'Titanic' Musical
June 08, 1989|LEE HARTGROVE | Hartgrove is a regular contributor to the Calendar.
"The Titanic," which opened last week at the Long Beach Civic Theatre, could be called an "epic musical." It spans the entire history of the ill-fated luxury liner, from its magnificent maiden voyage in 1912 until the wreckage is finally discovered in 1986.
The musical covers a huge amount of dramatic and emotional ground as it chronicles the many stories of passengers, crew members and shipbuilders whose lives were forever changed by the tragedy. In its own way, it's just as moving and thought-provoking as the Academy Award-winning movie.
At first glance, "The Titanic" might seem like a strange choice for a musical. After all, what can be said about a story that ends in such despair? How do you take such a complex, harrowing story and turn it into a two-hour stage show?
But the creators of "The Titanic" have managed to do just that. With a compelling script by Tom Merriman and a beautiful score by Bill Wolffe, this musical takes a devastating event and turns it into an uplifting story of courage and hope.
At its core, "The Titanic" is the tale of Jack and Rose, two people from vastly different social classes who come together on that fateful voyage. Through their relationship, we learn about the disparities between rich and poor, and witness the determination and bravery of those aboard the ship as they fight for survival.
