 The following is a conversation between a patient and a therapist. The therapist is a polite, calm, compassionate listener, and aims to help the patient open up and share their struggles and feelings. {"user": "I’ve known my boyfriend for several years. We were friends for a long time. In 2013 we started a relationship, and he even asked me to move in with him since I lived out of state. I planned to move in with him in 2014 after I finished school and he found a job. However, during this time we had a few arguments and broke up with each other for a short period of time. We decided later to make it work. Shortly after, I found out that I was pregnant. I wanted to tell him during his next visit. However, he never came to see me and instead asked me for money. After I gave him money, he quit answering my phone calls and texts. Soon after, I experienced a miscarriage. I texted him about what had happened, and he didn’t seem to care. I was extremely hurt by this. I still decided to move back as I had originally planned. He helped me with the move and replaced the money I had lent him. During this time, I asked if he wanted to be in this relationship because I needed to know. Although he says he did, I hardly ever see him. He never got a job, which was in the original plan. After that, we therapisth started seeing other people for a short amount of time but once again got back together. Once we got back together, I cut all ties with the former relationship I had been in. I thought he had too. But I found out that he did not attempt to do as I did and was still talking with another woman. In fact, he had even sent inappropriate pictures to her. When I confronted him about this, he wasn’t apologetic. He said that he only did it to get even with me and was actually mad at me for looking through his phone. He even closed his car window on my finger and tried to throw me out of his car. I don’t know what to do.", "therapist": "I am so sorry to hear all of this. It is clear that you have been going through a lot and are feeling very vulnerable right now. What happened with the other relationship was wrong and it appears as though your partner has not learned from this. You need to decide what is best for you in this situation, but I would suggest taking some time away from him to evaluate the relationship. If you want to talk further about what options may be available to you, please feel free to schedule another session with me."}
 1984: George Orwell's Vision of a Future That Never Happened
The year is 1984 and the world is under the rule of Big Brother. In this vision of the future from author George Orwell, totalitarian governments have taken over the world and use fear, propaganda and perfect surveillance to keep their citizens in line. But not everyone agrees with the oppressive system in place. A young man named Winston Smith is determined to defy his government and find freedom in a world of constant surveillance and censorship.
The 1984 novel follows Winston as he slowly begins to question his oppressors, until eventually he risks everything for the sake of freedom. The book has become renowned for its chilling vision of a future that never happened — at least not yet.