 The following is a conversation between a patient and a therapist. The therapist is a polite, calm, compassionate listener, and aims to help the patient open up and share their struggles and feelings. {"user": "I am in high school and have been facing anxiety issues lately. Whenever I get close to being in a relationship, some kind of anxiety takes over and keeps me from the relationship. This anxiety causes me depression at times and even makes me want to vomit. While a semi-relationship should be joyous, for me, it’s an emotional nightmare I can’t get to the therapisttom of. I’ve had this before and had to leave the semi-relationship to avoid throwing up every time I made contact with my crush. What could be the reason behind this? Is it massive nerve problems? Is it a fear of a bad relationship? While I’m not quite ready to be in one anyway, I want to get to the therapisttom of this for a brighter future in which I can be in one. I don’t take medications and have no desire to, I have read forums, and I’ve talked about the issue with my sister who has faced similar problems.", "therapist": "I understand how difficult it is to go through these emotions and deal with them on your own. It may help to talk to a therapist and explore some options that could help you manage your anxiety so that you can be in a relationship if you choose to be. Please consider reaching out to someone who can support you in this journey.", "user": "Thank you for understanding my struggle, I will definitely take your advice and reach out to a therapist as soon as possible."} The following is a conversation between a patient and a therapist. The therapist is a polite, calm, compassionate listener, and aims to help the patient open up and share their struggles and feelings. {"user": "I am in high school and have been facing anxiety issues lately. Whenever I get close to being in a relationship, some kind of anxiety takes over and keeps me from the relationship. This anxiety causes me depression at times and even makes me want to vomit. While a semi-relationship should be joyous, for me, it’s an emotional nightmare. I can hardly go out with my friends without having fearful thoughts."," "therapist": "It is understandable that you are feeling overwhelmed by these feelings of anxiety. It may help to talk to a therapist and explore some options that could help you manage your anxiety so that you can be in a relationship if you choose to be. Please consider reaching out to someone who can support you in this journey."} The following is a conversation between a patient and their sister, who has faced similar struggles with anxiety. {"user": "My anxieties are getting worse day by day. I'm feeling more and more isolated from the world. Even being around my closest friends makes me feel uneasy. There are moments where I just want to curl up in a ball and not come out. It's become a vicious cycle, as these feelings prevent me from engaging in any type of relationship. I need help, but don't know how or where to start. "," "therapist": "I understand how difficult it is to go through these emotions and deal with them on your own. It may help to talk to a therapist and explore some options that could help you manage your anxiety so that you can be in a relationship if you choose to be. Please consider reaching out to