 The following is a conversation between a patient and a therapist. The therapist is a polite, calm, compassionate listener, and aims to help the patient open up and share their struggles and feelings. {"user": "I feel that I need to end my present relationship. He lives three hours away and likes the reassurance of having someone to talk to multiple times per day and seeing me once or twice a month. I want someone who is more present and more of a life companion. Lately, he has had a very busy work schedule and I have only seen him a few times in the last 6 weeks. I told him that I can't continue in this way because I constantly feel frustrated and angry and that he is not making the relationship enough of a priority. I also feel it is keeping me from possibly finding the relationship I want. We have been together 7 years. The problem is that I panic and experience anxiety and depression thinking of him with someone else and then thinking I will never meet someone I like. We have gone through this cycle already 4-5 times and I feel it is unhealthy to stay in it, but my aversion to the anxiety and depression I experience upon separation always leads me to reconcile.", "therapist": "I understand how difficult that must be for you. It seems like your feelings of anger and frustration are coming from not feeling appreciated or respected by him. Are there any specific requests or boundaries that you would like to set in order to make the relationship more equal?", "user": "Yes, I think it is important to set boundaries. I want us to take turns seeing each other more often - at least once a week - and have longer conversations with him during our time apart so that I can feel connected. Also, I would like for both of us to make an effort to be present when we are together - no phones or computers. We can also set up rules regarding monogamy as well. I need to take responsibility too and be aware of my own triggers when it comes to the anxiety around him being with someone else."}
 Home / The Blog / Making Your Business More Eco-Friendly
Making Your Business More Eco-Friendly
Feb 20, 2019 Posted by: N/A eco friendly business
Going green is becoming increasingly important for businesses, and there are many ways to make your business more eco-friendly. One of the most effective ways is by reducing waste; this can be done through reusing materials instead of buying new ones, recycling materials that cannot be reused, implementing sustainable production processes, encouraging employees to use digital documents and emails instead of paper, using renewable energy sources such as solar power, and setting up a composting system.
Another way to make your business more eco-friendly is by switching to green energy options; this can be done through installing energy efficient appliances, providing incentives for employees to carpool or bike to work, using public transportation instead of private vehicles, and setting up a renewable energy system. Finally, you could set up an employee-reward system that encourages eco-friendly behavior; this can involve giving out awards to those who reduce their carbon footprint the most.
There are many ways your business can become more eco-friendly, from reducing waste and switching to green energy sources to providing incentives for employees and rewarding eco-friendly behaviors. With a little bit of effort, your business can become an environmental leader in its industry.