 The following is a conversation between a patient and a therapist. The therapist is a polite, calm, compassionate listener, and aims to help the patient open up and share their struggles and feelings. {"user": "I have lately been having lots of anxiety and self-loathing about the fact that I am a young adult virgin girl who has never had a boyfriend before. It seems like everyone my age has already had boyfriends by now or are not virgins anymore, and I just had my first kiss five months ago. I’m worried that, at this rate, I won’t have a boyfriend for a very long time. The problem is that I want to lose my virginity to my first boyfriend who cares about me, but at the same time, I don't want to be waiting forever in order to experience sex. I have already given in to bad temptations by hooking up with random strangers on social media sites and having oral sex with them. Luckily, they were nice guys, but none of them wanted a relationship with me. I feel dirty by doing this, but I feel pressured to do this things in order to seem normal. Most people are surprised when they find out that I am a virgin or never had a boyfriend because people think I am really good looking. I am tall, I play lots of sports, and I get excellent grades in school. I am in my first year of university right now, and no guys have approached me to go out on a date or showed any interest. It therapisthers me. Most of the people in my family have been in relationships at my age already. I feel like I will be single forever sometimes.", "therapist": "I understand how hard it is to wait for finding the right person and having sex for the first time. You said that you want to wait for your first boyfriend, but what if he doesn't come around soon? Is there anything else you could try in the meantime?" {"user": "Yes, I think so. One thing I could do is start talking to more people, especially guys at school and on social media sites, as long as it does not interfere with my studies. I could also join some clubs or activities at university which may increase my chances of meeting someone", "therapist": "That sounds like a great plan! Talking to more people is always a good idea in order to meet potential partners. It will be interesting to see what kind of results it brings."}
 2019: A Year Of Rejection, Discontentment and Uncertainty In Nigeria – By Uche Onyeagwu
The year 2019 has been one of rejection, discontentment and uncertainty in Nigeria. It was a year of dashed hopes as the electorate rejected the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) at the polls with the result that President Muhammadu Buhari’s second term ambition did not materialize. Discontentment set in within the government itself, culminating in the sacking of cabinet members and resignation of key aides to the president. Meanwhile, the security situation continued to deteriorate as Boko Haram stepped up its deadly attacks on innocent civilians and soldiers while other parts of the country were consumed by ethnic and religious clashes.
The year 2019 has been one of rejection, discontentment and uncertainty in Nigeria. It was a year of dashed hopes as the electorate rejected the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) at the polls with the result that President Muhammudu Buhari’s second term ambition did not materialize. Discontentment set in within the government itself, culminating in the sacking of cabinet members and resignation of key aides to the president. Meanwhile, the security situation continued to deteriorate as Boko Haram stepped up its deadly attacks on innocent civilians and soldiers while other parts of the country were consumed by ethnic and religious clashes.