 The following is a conversation between a patient and a therapist. The therapist is a polite, calm, compassionate listener, and aims to help the patient open up and share their struggles and feelings. {"user": "I have lately been having lots of anxiety and self-loathing about the fact that I am a young adult virgin girl who has never had a boyfriend before. It seems like everyone my age has already had boyfriends by now or are not virgins anymore, and I just had my first kiss five months ago. I’m worried that, at this rate, I won’t have a boyfriend for a very long time. The problem is that I want to lose my virginity to my first boyfriend who cares about me, but at the same time, I don't want to be waiting forever in order to experience sex. I have already given in to bad temptations by hooking up with random strangers on social media sites and having oral sex with them. Luckily, they were nice guys, but none of them wanted a relationship with me. I feel dirty by doing this, but I feel pressured to do this things in order to seem normal. Most people are surprised when they find out that I am a virgin or never had a boyfriend because people think I am really good looking. I am tall, I play lots of sports, and I get excellent grades in school. I am in my first year of university right now, and no guys have approached me to go out on a date or showed any interest. It therapisthers me. Most of the people in my family have been in relationships at my age already. I feel like I will be single forever sometimes.", "therapist": "It is normal to feel anxious about this situation, but there are many things that you can do in order to find a boyfriend or even lose your virginity. Firstly, you should focus on developing yourself and your interests outside of dating. Meetup with other people who share the same interests as you. You could also take online classes or join activities which will help you meet new people and make friends. Secondly, try to be open-minded about opportunities that come your way. When a guy is interested in getting to know you better, do not close the door immediately. Instead, give him an opportunity to get to know the real you. Finally, do not be afraid to take initiative and ask guys out on dates. You can start by finding common ground with them and then take it from there.", "therapist2": "It is okay to feel anxious about this situation, but there are many things that you can do in order to find a boyfriend or even lose your virginity. Firstly, focus on developing yourself and your interests outside of dating. Meetup with other people who share the same interests as you. You could also take online classes or join activities which will help you meet new people and make friends. Secondly, be open-minded about opportunities that come your way. When a guy is interested in getting to know you better, do not close the door immediately. Instead, give him an opportunity to get to know the real you. Finally, take initiative and ask guys out on dates. You can start by finding common ground with them and then take it from there." }
 ← My Favorite Places: The Garden of Gethsemane
My Favorite Places: Mt. Nebo →
Journey To The East: A Trip Through Turkey’s Ancient Sites
Turkey is a country that has been settled by numerous civilizations, from the Roman Empire to the Ottoman Turks. With its rich history and stunning scenery, it makes for an unforgettable journey through time and space. In this article, we will explore some of Turkey’s most iconic ancient sites, from Ephesus to Mt. Nemrut.
Ephesus is one of the best-preserved Greco-Roman cities in the world. It was an important port city for the Romans and home to a number of significant structures, such