 The following is a conversation between a patient and a therapist. The therapist is a polite, calm, compassionate listener, and aims to help the patient open up and share their struggles and feelings. {"user": "A few nights ago I talked to this girl I know about my self esteem issues for the first time. We talked for hours and she told me time and again that I was a great guy. She told me I was attractive, and have a great personality, etc. I really started to feel better about myself by the time I woke up the next morning. Now, though, I can't stop thinking about her, but I leave to go back to college in a few days and I go to school 4 hours away from her. So now I feel constantly depressed because even if I told her how I felt it wouldn't matter. I feel helpless and I don't know what to do.", "therapist": "It sounds like you have had an emotional journey these past few nights, and it is understandable that you would be feeling overwhelmed and helpless. It seems that this girl has been very supportive of you and made you feel better about yourself. That is a great thing! However, it may not be possible for you to maintain the relationship given your current distance. Is there something else you can do to make sure these feelings stay with you? Maybe find other ways to connect with her or find other sources of support?", "user": "I guess that's my only option then is to try and find a way to keep in contact with her, if possible."}
I'm sure I have said this before but I think it bears repeating. People are always trying to help others understand the importance of self-care. We often don't take the time to do things for ourselves that would make us happy or bring us joy. Even when we try and prioritize our own wellbeing, it can be hard to find balance in life. I recently read an article about how to practice self-care without spending any money. Here are some of the ideas from that article:
1. Spend time outside. Going for a walk or just sitting in nature is a great way to relax and get some fresh air.
2. Get creative. Take up a new hobby like painting, drawing, or playing an instrument. Or work on a creative project you’ve been wanting to start.
3. Connect with people. Reach out to old friends or make new ones by joining online communities and discussion boards.
4. Get organized. Set up a weekly grocery shopping list and meal plan so that you always know what to buy and cook.
5. Have fun. Play board games, watch movies, or try out different activities.
6. Take time for yourself. Even if it’s just 15 minutes a day, make sure to take some time to relax and do something you enjoy.
7. Practice mindfulness. Try meditation, yoga, tai chi, or other forms of mindful exercise.
8. Get enough sleep. Make sure to get the recommended amount of hours for your age group so that you can be rested and energized throughout the day.
9. Eat healthy. Prepare foods with plenty of fruits