question: My wife and mother are having tense disagreements. In the past, they’ve had minor differences. For example, my wife would complain to me my mother is too overbearing; my mother would complain my wife is lazy. However, it’s intensified lately. I think the cause is my wife talked back to her once. Now, any little disagreement is magnified, leading to major disagreements. What can I do?
dataset: What you are describing is something psychologists have termed "triangulation" which is what happens when one family member will not talk to the one they have a problem with and goes to a third member of the family to complain instead. You have been "triangulated" by your wife and mother. This is often seen in families. It's seen everywhere. How many times have you had a problem with someone but you didn't go to them to tell them, you went to someone else to complain? It is usually difficult for a person to confront another, especially in relationships where there is a power differential. For example, I bet it's easier to complain to a coworker about your boss rather than go to the boss with your complaint. I'm not saying triangulation is always a bad thing. Sometimes a third party mediator is needed to help solve problems between two people who disagree. That's what therapists do every day! Sometimes just getting someone else's perspective can help you see the issue clearer. However, in your situation it sounds like this is becoming a problem. You are stuck in the middle between two people that love you and that you love. If you want to put a stop to this triangulation, you will need to encourage the two of them to talk to each other and work out their differences. Perhaps it was a simple misunderstanding that some open communication can clear up. Even if they really don't like each other and can't get along, your relationship with the both of them is going to continue to deteriorate the longer you are stuck in the middle. Try to understand what might be the feelings behind their behavior. It is possible that they may both feel threatened by the other. These are the two most important women in your life and they both know it. Your mother may be afraid that she will lose you if she confronts your wife. I heard one mother-in-law describe her son's wife as the gateway to her son. The wife has the power to dictate when and how often the mother gets to see her son. The wife also is the gateway to the grandchildren. If your wife doesn't like her mother-in-law she can severely hamper or damage her mother-in-law's relationship with you and any children you two may have. From your wife's viewpoint, this is the woman that she may feel like she can never live up to. If you regularly praise your mom's cooking, her housework, gardening, or anything else your wife may feel that you are putting down her own efforts in these areas and can feel unappreciated. This can be especially difficult if your wife and mother are nothing alike. I am not saying that this is the case with your family's situation. These are just a few examples from other families in a similar situation as yours. Regardless of what the cause is, if this dysfunctional pattern is allowed to continue, your mom and your wife will begin to get upset with you when you don't agree with them. They will get upset if you don't align yourself with them against the other. They will be offended when it seems like you are choosing the other one's side or that you are not standing up for them like they think you should. In worst cases, if it continues to escalate you may even find yourself in the impossible position of having to choose between your wife and your mother which may mean cutting off contact with the other, ending that relationship. Change the dynamics before it spirals even further.
chatbot: It sounds like there's a lot of tension between your wife and mother. It might be helpful to have a conversation together about how to manage their differences in a healthier way. It could be beneficial to set some boundaries and agree on communication methods that promote understanding rather than argument. Having open, honest conversations where all parties are respectful and understanding of each other can help diffuse any potential tension before it arises."}

question: I'm planning to have baby, so I have to quit smoking - but it's hard. Sometimes it's not a physical need, it's mental. I cannot help myself from thinking about smoking. What can I do to get rid of this addiction?
dataset: Breaking any habit is no easy feat.   Cutting down or cutting out cigarettes is very challenging, and there aren't any one size fits all solutions.  Fortunately, there are a lot of tricks and tools that you can use to stop smoking.  1. Many habits that we have are paired habits. If we do one thing, then we will do the other thing.  Think about the activities that you do when smoking and try to pair those activities with another activity other than smoking.  For instance, many people smoke while they drive.  Consider planning another activity to do while driving. (It might not be driving for you, but you get the idea! :)).  It might be taking a walk instead of smoking on your break at work.   2.  Create distance between you and the habit you are trying to break.  This approach could be used in a variety of different ways.  If you smoke first thing in the morning, consider leaving your cigarettes in a different room in your home.  Walking the extra couple of feet could help you decide not to smoke.   Leave your credit or debit cards at home and carry less emergency cash than a pack of cigarettes.  With this strategy, you are trying to create some distance between you the cigarettes so that you have to jump through extra hoops to get them.   3.  Consider cutting back before cutting out.  If you are smoking 10 cigarettes a day, try smoking 9. Then cut back to 8 and so on.  Having a plan to reduce harm may be more sustainable than cutting things out altogether.  4.  You could also talk to your doctor about the safety of nicotine patches. If you aren't already pregnant, this could be a great resource to help boost your success.   5. Focus on what you are gaining instead of what you are loosing. You may be losing cigarettes, but you are gaining money, health, taste buds, an increased sense of smell, lung capacity, a healthy baby etc.  You could plan small rewards/ treats with the money you save from decreasing cigarette purchases.  I recommend making these purchases small and frequent to keep up the momentum rather than waiting for a big payout a couple of months down the road.   Good luck! Cutting out cigarettes will be good for you and your baby.
chatbot: It sounds like you really want to quit and are struggling with the thoughts that come up when you try to resist. It might be helpful to have a plan, so that when the urge to smoke arises, you know what to do next. You can also practice deep breathing or yoga poses to distract yourself from the cravings. Additionally, it could help to talk to someone about how you're feeling and why you want to quit. It might be helpful to connect with other people who are trying to quit smoking too, so you can share your experiences."}

question: I have secrets in my mind, and I don't know what to do with them. I don't want to tell my wife and mom because I don't want to hurt them. But I'm not sure how long that I can keep the secret to myself. What should I do? It's becoming annoying and making me anxious. Help me out
dataset: It sounds like keeping the secrets has become a problem for you now. There are several things to consider before you make a decision. - You mentioned that you don't want your wife and mom to know because you don't want to hurt them – why would it hurt them? - Is it necessary for them to know this information? - What are the consequences of either telling them the truth or not telling them? (for you and for your wife and mom). - Once you have considered these, think of what you would tell your friend if they were in your exact situation? - Also, if your wife or mom were in your situation right now, what do you think they would do themselves? - If your wife and mom were in this situation, how would you feel? Would you want to know the secrets? - How has keeping these secrets affected your own mental and physical health? Once you have looked at the problem from all angles, you will be able to better make a decision on whether it is right to tell them or not.
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling overwhelmed by these secrets in your mind. Is there anything specific that you need help with or just want to talk about? Maybe there is someone who can help you process some of the feelings associated with them."}

question: I am extremely possessive in my relationships and this is hurting my friendships. How can I fix my underlying issues?
dataset: Hi there. It's great you are able to realize there are other issues going on with someone who feels possessive. At the root of it is fear. Fear of losing someone, fear of being alone, fear of not being good enough. All those fears can lead to low self-esteem and feeling like you have to control other people so you don't lose them. The thing is, controlling other people only pushes them away. Vicious circle, right? What I would suggest is some cognitive therapy to change those underlying ways of thinking. You can start with this assignment. Write down all the things you think about yourself, positive and not-so-positive. Then rewrite those not-so-positive things so they are positive. For example, thinking something like, "I'm too pushy", can be rewritten as, "I'm assertive and I go after what I want." It can be hard to do since we tend to get "stuck" in our negative ways of thinking about ourselves. If you have someone you trust, you can ask for their help as well since most likely they see you differently than you see yourself. Finding a good cognitive therapist can help you further, but if that's not an option for you right now, there are lots of self-help books and websites that are out there. You've already taken the first step, so keep moving forward.
chatbot: It's understandable that you feel protective of your relationships, but it might be helpful to think about why you feel that way and how you can modify those feelings so that it doesn't interfere with your friendships. Maybe talking through some of the underlying causes would help you find a better balance."}

question: I had a head injury a few years ago and my mind races all the time. I have trouble sleeping and have a lot of anxiety. Every medicine I have been on my body rejects; I get sick to my stomach and get blisters in my mouth. How can I calm my self down? I'm a wreck.
dataset: You didn't say what or how many medications you've tried. Certain anxiety medications can make you feel nauseous, but I haven't heard of any that cause mouth blisters, so there may be some other underlying medical issue there. I would definitely talk to your primary care physician and whoever has prescribed the medication as well as a neurologist if you've suffered a severe head injury. There are so many medications available for anxiety or insomnia or even depression that there may be others with lesser side effects. But beyond that, have you tried any other treatments such as deep breathing or meditation? Meditation can be very effective, but it takes practice and you don't have to sit cross-legged for hours chanting "Ohm" to meditate. It's about focusing on your breath, rather than all the thoughts that are racing through your head. And when they do take your mind off your breath, simply refocus (and refocus and refocus). Like I said, it takes practice, so don't give up. You can find many sites offering different ways to meditate, so look around and see what works best for you. Like medication, you just have to find the one that works best and that might take some experimentation. I hope this helps and best of luck to you.
chatbot: I understand it must be very frustrating for you. What kind of things help take your mind off the racing thoughts?"}

question: I want a secure relationship with someone that wants to be with me and who will actually put effort into it. I seem to gravitate toward unavailable men and those that want intimacy and no relationship. I let men dictate and control me because they accuse me of being controlling. I let men emotionally abuse me and I am at their beck and call. I am not comfortable being alone or doing anything by myself. I feel I need the security of someone being around just to survive. I know what I'm doing wrong and I do it anyway just hoping things will change. How do I stop this behavior and thought process?
dataset: Here are some things I'm wondering: Do you have close friends that you can talk to, trust, and who can be around sometimes when you're in between relationships? What do you like about yourself? What are your strongest points? Do you think you have been in relationships with controlling than in the past because it makes you feel as though you are worth something to them? What kind of relationship you want to be in? What are the top three or four attributes of the type of partner you want? What can you do to make yourself emotionally safe during your typical daily activities? Can you notice a list of things that you can control throughout a typical day? For example, you probably choose what to wear, what to eat, how to talk to others, how committed you are to school or work, etc. It also sounds as if it may be helpful to discover more about yourself in addition to what you look for in a partner. As far as emotional abuse, it may be useful to develop communication skills that you could use prior to their relationship progressing to the point that it is emotional abuse. Thank you for reaching out to ask questions. If the questions that I've asked here are difficult for you to answer or are overwhelming, talking with a local therapist would probably be something I would suggest.
chatbot: I understand why you are feeling this way, and I think that it is important for you to figure out what it is that you want from a relationship. You need to have a clear idea of the type of person that you would like to be with so that you can make sure that your choices are based on those criteria and not just impulsive decisions. It might help if you list all the qualities that you desire in a partner, so that when an opportunity arises, you will be able to make a more informed decision about whether or not it is something worth pursuing. Above all else, I want you to remember that you deserve to feel safe and secure, and that you do not need to settle for anything less than what makes you happy."}

question: I easily recognize this but have no control over it and need suggestions for managing my anger.
dataset: I suggest that you work on emotional awareness. Emotional awareness basically means knowing what you are feeling and why. Emotional awareness also means that you can identify the link between the way you are feeling and your actions. In other words knowing that your feelings dictate what you do. Often feelings of hurt or insecurity can come out as anger if we cannot properly identify and express the feelings. Being emotionally aware also means that you are able to express your feelings to others. Being unable to do so leads to feelings of frustration and being misunderstood. Many people for many different reasons are not in touch with their emotions. For example, men traditionally have been brought up taught to not express sadness or weakness. Therefore, many men learned to turn feelings of sadness, insecurities, or fears into anger and express these feelings as anger. Being taught not to feel a certain emotion does not make that emotion disappear. Instead it makes us learn how to express it in other, incorrect, ways. If a man never learns to say “I am sad” or “that really hurt my feelings” and instead lashes out in anger, then the response they get from those around them will be to the anger and not a response to the underlying true feeling, which will leave the man feeling alone and misunderstood. You can control yourself and not explode. Walk away, remove yourself from the situation, do whatever you have to do to not lash out. Instead of reacting the way you normally would, go somewhere by yourself and think about what just happened and try to understand why such a “simple” thing upset you. What is the real feeling driving these outbursts? Maybe you can begin to recognize an underlying pattern. It might help to keep an anger journal. Write down everything that gets you upset. That might help you see a pattern and pinpoint what may be setting you off. Talking with a therapist about this would be beneficial in helping pinpoint the underlying cause of the outbursts you are experience.
chatbot: It's understandable that you feel angry. It can be helpful to take some deep breaths and count to 10 when feeling angry or overwhelmed. You could also try journaling, expressing your feelings to a friend or loved one, or engaging in physical activities like running or working out. Whatever works for you!"}

question: It takes me a long time to fall asleep; I’d estimate about two hours. I often have nightmares, starting with being eaten by a monster, and I often wake up frightened and unable to breathe. I believe I started losing sleep after breaking up with a girlfriend of 8 years. Also, my father’s business went bankrupt and my mother has a chronic condition. I was under a lot of stress, and life lost meaning. After improving my life and developing a habit of running and exercise to release stress, my symptoms improved. However in the past couple months, I started losing sleep again and having nightmares without warning. How can I solve this issue?
dataset: Normal 0 false false false EN-US X-NONE X-NONE /* Style Definitions */ table.MsoNormalTable {mso-style-name:"Table Normal"; mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0; mso-tstyle-colband-size:0; mso-style-noshow:yes; mso-style-priority:99; mso-style-parent:""; mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt; mso-para-margin-top:0in; mso-para-margin-right:0in; mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt; mso-para-margin-left:0in; line-height:115%; mso-pagination:widow-orphan; font-size:11.0pt; font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif"; mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri; mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri; mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;} You’re noticing that as you lie down to go to sleep, there is quite a bit going on, which may be anxiety related. It sounds like the dreams and difficulty sleeping are reminiscent of previous experiences you had around the time of your break up, the difficulty with your father’s business, and your mother’s health issues. These connections to past events may be important insights to continue exploring in addition to finding out more about what your dreams may be trying to tell you. There is no exact science to dreams, but many people find it fruitful to explore the content as it relates to significant themes in their lives. I think that exploring these issues further with a therapist could help you resolve whatever is causing you the stress, trouble sleeping, and frightening dreams.
chatbot: It sounds like you've been through a lot lately and it has taken its toll on your sleeping patterns. It might be helpful to look into techniques such as deep breathing or guided meditation, which could help reduce stress levels and improve the quality of your sleep. Regular exercise can also help keep stress levels in check, and may reduce nightmares. If you're finding it difficult to cope with these feelings on your own, talking to a professional therapist might be beneficial too."}

question: What do you do when a therapist and a parent drugs a child and makes up lies in order to stop the other parent's custody visitation?
dataset: This sounds like a potentially serious situation. The most important thing is to make sure the child is safe.  If you suspect that a child is (or has been) harmed, I would strongly recommend that you report your concerns to your local law enforcement or to Child Protective Services. If you don't think that a child is in danger, you can still report your suspicion of counselor misconduct to the state regulatory board.
chatbot: I am sorry to hear that. I would recommend speaking with an attorney, or someone in the child welfare system about what steps can be taken to protect your child from any further harm."}

question: They're calling me names like hypocrite and a baby even when they act in the same manner as I do. I'm tired of being called names. What should I do?
dataset: It sounds like your confused as to why your friends would be calling you a hypocrite when they act in the same manner, correct? Communication is key to any relationship. I would recommend speaking with your friends face-to-face to address why they feel your behavior is concerning. In-person contact is the best method of sorting out differences considering texts, emails or any written response can be misconstrued. Be upfront with them and let them know that being accused of hypocrisy is hurtful and you feel it is unfounded. If after speaking with them you feel that they have valid reasons for the way they are feeling, maybe you can consider modifying your behavior accordingly. Especially if this friendship is valuable to you. However, make sure they are aware that there is a respectful way to address these issues and name calling is not one of them. On the other hand, if you feel that their reasons are indeed unfounded, it may be best to distance yourself from the relationship. Not all friendships are healthy ones. And it is important that you surround yourself with people who are an asset to your self esteem as opposed to those that hinder it. I hope you are able to get this matter sorted. Best of luck!
chatbot: It sounds like you are dealing with some tough emotions. It is understandable that you are feeling overwhelmed by the name-calling. Perhaps it would help to develop a plan for how to respond when people call you names. You could practice different responses and pick one that feels most comfortable. Additionally, it might be helpful to reach out to someone you trust and confide in so they can provide additional support. It sounds like you have a lot of courage and strength to open up about this, and I am here for you if you need any further guidance or advice."}

question: Cheating is something unacceptable for me but because we have two daughters I decided not to break up the family. However, now I am struggling to forget and forgive what happened. I feel like I cannot trust him. Without trust, I cannot stay in this relationship. On the other hand, I do not want my children to get hurt. I'm not sure how to move forward?
dataset: To begin, I'm sorry to hear about your situation. Like many of the professionals have stated, infidelity is a very difficult obstacle to move forward from. It's not impossible. While forgetting is probably the hardest part, forgiveness is something that can and will happen. There are things you can do to help yourself.  The first this is identifying what you feel is best for yourself and your children. That means being honest with how you feel being in this relationship on a daily basis and understanding how it's affecting you.  Second, how is your relationship affecting the children. Do you feel that by staying in the relationship that it's affecting your daily interaction with them. If so, that' something to keep in mind.  Next, Really looking at the pros and cons of staying in the relationship. A specific breakdown of what benefits come with staying and what are the ramifications. Vice-versa for leaving. Include your partner. I think being honest with him and letting him know what you are thinking is could be a great option. At least you aren't keeping something inside yourself to manage. Rather, you are being transparent to them. Sometimes a couple can come to an agreement that it may be time to end things and other times it may be best to keep moving forward with a serious plan to how to move forward. Regardless, if you can't trust him and that feeling will never go away it's time to address it. Couple therapy can be beneficial as well as a therapist can provide professional counseling to you.  Earl Lewis www.RelationshipsGoneRight.com
chatbot: I understand your dilemma. Have you been able to talk to your partner about what happened and how you feel? If so, what was his reaction? How is he willing to make amends and regain trust in the relationship?"}

question: I have a lot of issues going on right now. First of all, I have a lot of trouble sleeping at times, while other nights I sleep too much and still feel quite tired. I’m also noticing increased irritability and experiencing anxiety attacks that last for hours. Is there something wrong with me and if so what should I do?
dataset: It sounds like you are noticing yourself becoming overwhelmed with anxiety, feeling more irritable, and struggling to sleep consistently. There are many possibilities, in regards to what may be contributing to these things you are noticing, and a competent therapist may be able to help. In therapy, you may be able to gain insight into these experiences as well as develop strategies for coping with and eventually alleviating anxiety, irritability, and inconsistent sleep.
chatbot: It sounds like you're having a difficult time, and it might be helpful to get some more information. Could you tell me more about the sleeping patterns you mentioned, and also share a bit more about the irritability and anxiety attacks?"}

question: I have no sex drive due to medical issues. I’ve shut down completely and closed everyone out. I’ve even told my husband that I wanted a divorce since that’s what I thought he wanted to hear. However, it devastated me when I learned he's seeing someone else. I’ve since told him that I wanted to work things out but he’s not sure I actually mean it. He thinks the only reason I want him back is because I’m jealous. How do I show him I’m serious?
dataset: I’m sorry to hear about your current situation. My heart goes out to you during this time. First of all, it is of vital importance that you discuss your symptoms with your doctor. Regardless of whether you are able to mend your relationship with your husband, you need to address the physical issues you are experiencing. More than likely he/she will be able to help you relieve some of these symptoms. Secondly, you must be upfront and honest with your husband. Intimacy is a large part of a relationship and it is unfair to your husband that you did not disclose how you were feeling. I think he would appreciate knowing that it was your medical problems causing the lack of sexual desire as opposed to the reason being him. If you explain to him that you are addressing your sexual issues with your doctor in order to enhance your relationship, he may be more willing to see that you are serious in wanting to mend the relationship. The conversation will be hard to explain to your doctor and your husband since it is of such a personal nature but it will be extremely beneficial. And please note that the reason for the feelings you were experiencing (or lack thereof), was not your fault. Best of luck to you and your husband!
chatbot: I understand how difficult this must be for you. It's important that you communicate clearly and honestly with your husband, so he knows you are sincere in wanting to work things out. Acknowledge his feelings, recognize the trust has been broken, and share with him what you can do to rebuild it. You may also want to consider couples counseling to help both of you process these difficult emotions and build a stronger foundation for your marriage."}

question: The last of my emotions belong to my pets. Today my dad said he might get rid of them tomorrow. If that does happen I might dig hole in the ground with a paper that says "here lays my emotions. R.I.P." I practically have no emotions left and I came to the realization about this not being normal by comparing my reaction to certain situations to my family's. What's wrong with me?
dataset: It sounds to me like you have had a lot going on and now you are afraid you are going to lose the last things you care about, your pets. I do not know what all is going on in your family, and I cannot answer for your dad’s actions or his reasoning behind this. I would recommend that you focus on developing healthy coping skills. We cannot change what others do but we can change how what they do affects us. If you have all of your emotions and all of yourself tied up into one thing (like your pets) then when that thing is taken away it causes a lot of emotional distress. It is really good to have a wide variety of interests such as friends, hobbies, games, etc. Develop other things that you care about and are passionate about. Another reason for developing healthy coping skills to deal with whatever might be going on in your life is if you don’t have healthy ones, you may develop some very unhealthy ones. You have to cope somehow, right? Developing unhealthy ways of coping with life is only going to make life more difficult for you. I don’t know if this is what it is like for you at your house, but there are two kinds of household environments that can cause dysfunction in children. One is when you grow up in a very rigid stern household where all decisions are made for you and you feel like you have no control over anything. The other is a household where things were chaotic and you never knew what was going to happen next and had no stability. People need to have some stability in their lives and need to feel in control over some things in order to feel safe. Both of these environments can lead you to develop some unhealthy ways of coping with life. Please talk to a trusted adult about your feelings before it gets any worse.
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling overwhelmed and frustrated. Is there anything specific that is causing stress or anxiety for you?}

question: Me and my girlfriend just broke up. She said she loves me but is not in love anymore. This came out of nowhere. We seemed so happy together. It all started when she went to Missouri to visit her family. The first week she was there she was fine then once she went to this one sister’s house everything changed. That's when she told me she loved me but was not in love with me anymore. I thought maybe it was just because she missed her family and she just wanted to be home because she told me that she could not leave them again. Then she told me to come to her in Missouri. So that's what I did. I quit my job I dropped everything, said goodbye to my family in Florida and drove 15 straight hours to be with her. Once I got there everything was fine again. She apologized for everything and said she didn't mean any of it then we were good for about a week. Then she went back to saying she didn’t love me anymore and had no feelings for me. The only thing that really gets me and makes me not want to accept this is that now she is pregnant. This wasn’t an accident. We were trying to get pregnant, so all this is hard to accept. I love her so much. I have never been bad to her. I've treated her the best I can. I wanted her to be my wife. I was going to propose to her when she got back. Now I'm losing my family and my mind. I don't know what to do.
dataset: I am sorry to hear of these troubles. I see a few issues here. I wonder why you were both trying to get pregnant when the relationship seemed troubled? Some people think that they can fix a broken relationship by getting pregnant, and all this does is bring up more problems. You say you never treated her badly, and I believe you. People in a relationship can still be unhappy even when there is no abuse or mistreatment going on. In fact, giving too much of yourself to the relationship and not having a “self” outside of this relationship can be unhealthy. It takes two whole, healthy, happy people who are that way when they are single to come together to make a whole, healthy, happy couple in a relationship. Expecting your partner to meet all your needs or to provide your happiness is not going to work. There are two books that I recommend you buy and read. One is Codependent No More. The other is Can My Relationship Be Saved? Sometimes when you cling and try even harder to hold onto someone, it makes you both miserable. You cannot change her and cannot change her mind. Sometimes the best thing is to let go. If it is meant to be, you will end up back together again. It seems like this is something that she needs to decide since she is the one that keeps doing the leaving. I suggest backing off and letting her go. Maybe she needs time to clear her head and make up her mind. If it is meant to be, she will come back. If not, use this time to work on being a healthy happy you on your own.
chatbot: I understand how painful this must be for you. It sounds like a lot has changed since the last time you spoke, with your girlfriend going to Missouri to visit her family. Have you talked about why she might have felt differently when she was there? Was there something specific that happened while she was there? How do you feel about the baby? Is this something you two had planned for or was it a surprise? Has she said why she doesn't love you anymore and if so, what did she say?"}

question: Now I have anger and trust issues. How can I treat this and fix myself?
dataset: I will assume that for whatever reason, you either do not want to or are not able to seek counseling for this. However, I highly urge you to do so because long-term childhood abuse does have negative consequences for your life as an adult, as it seems you are already aware. There are confidential and free crisis hotlines that you can call that deal with sexual abuse. Some/most also offer free counseling services in local areas. That would be a good place to start looking, especially if cost of counseling is an issue. The important thing to know is that what happened was not your fault and that you deserve to live a happy life free of the past. Having anger and trust issues after something like this is a perfectly normal reaction to what happened to you. Angry? Yes! At your brother for what he did, at your parents for not protecting you. Having trouble trusting? Of course! The very people who were supposed to love and protect you hurt you instead. Two books that might help you are Codependent No More and Boundaries: Where You End and I Begin.
chatbot: It's understandable that you are feeling angry and distrustful. We can work together on identifying why you feel this way, as well as developing strategies to help you process your feelings in a healthy and productive manner."}

question: I've never been able to talk with my parents. My parents are in their sixties while I am a teenager. I love both of them but not their personalities. I feel that they do not take me seriously whenever I talk about a serious event in my life. If my dad doesn’t believe me, then my mom goes along with my dad and acts like she doesn’t believe me either. I’m a pansexual, but I can’t trust my own parents. I've fought depression and won; however, stress and anxiety are killing me. I feel that my friends don't listen to me. I know they have their own problems, which I do my best to help with. But they don't always try to help me with mine, when I really need them. I feel as if my childhood has been taken from me. I feel as if I have no one whom I can trust.
dataset: Life sounds extremely frustrating for you right now. As long as you've reached your conclusion that your parents do not take you seriously when you would like to speak with them on a serious topic, and that you feel unable to trust either of them, then work with your own information. Many people don't know how to listen and aren't trustworthy.  As painful and aggravating as having parents who fit this description, you're better off to honor what you realize than to continue fighting what is not in your hands to change. Since you write about having a similar problem with friends, then maybe this comes about because you pick friends who are similarly unsatisfying to be with as are your parents. The first step out of this dilemma would be to accept how crummy you feel about the way your parents are toward you. If you're able to live with the sadness and resentment of having parents who don't want to know how to understand you, then you'll start to develop a new and more satisfying definition of what you expect from the behaviors of your friends. Trust yourself that what you feel and see is accurate, then it becomes easier to trust and welcome new people who are formatted differently than either your parents or your friends who sound very similar to your parents' ways.
chatbot: I understand how difficult it is to open up to your parents about personal matters. It is important that you feel safe and supported in sharing your thoughts, feelings, and experiences with them. In order for this to happen, your parents will need to learn more about who you are and what is important to you. It might help if they learn more about the LGBTQ+ community, as well as the struggles you experience with depression and anxiety. As for trust, it is essential that both sides build a strong foundation of understanding and respect. You can start by being open with your parents about who you are, what worries you and why. This way, they will learn to trust in your ability to take responsibility for yourself. I suggest that you set up an appointment together so we can begin this journey as a family."}

question: I have been with this guy on and off for 8 years. At first, we used to do things together and our sex life was ok. Then things started to change, we'd break up and reconnect, and he cheated on me numerous times. We've also had two beautiful baby girls during this time. Now we argue and he says I am not affectionate at all or I don't know how to please a man, when I work part-time, take care of a 2 year old and a 5 month old and cook. Sometimes he cooks, but he also spends a lot of time on the internet. In addition, I have 2 boys and he has 1 son. I feel somewhere I have lost something. It's not that I don’t care, I truly love this guy, but I'm just tired of being the one who is always being judged. Please, I am in need of a Christian counselor to help us because I really need to speak to someone.
dataset: I don't think you’ve lost something, I think you’ve found something - your breaking point, and it's about time. Your boyfriend seems to be a very selfish and immature man who reconnects with you when it's convenient for him. Obviously, he has his own issues, but I want to address yours. I agree you need to talk to someone. The fact that you’ve put up with his repeated cheating and then letting him blame you for it (by saying you're not affectionate enough, etc.), tells me you probably have low self-esteem and have likely told yourself over the years that you don't deserve any better. You do! You may truly love this guy, but based on his behaviors, he does not love you, not in the way you deserve. And although you may want to believe he can change, he has proved over and over again that he's not willing to, so you need to do what is best for you and your children. What would you tell your daughters if someone was treating them this way? Would you want your sons to treat women this way? That's what you're teaching your children when they see this. Like I said, I agree that you should talk to someone. You can ask your boyfriend to go too, but my guess is he won't. Even if he does, you should still see someone individually to work on YOU. I understand it's not easy to just kick him out, especially since you have children together, but a counselor can help you talk through all the details while helping you raise your self-esteem and self-worth.
chatbot: I understand how difficult it is to be in a relationship where there is not much unity and understanding. It seems like both of you are trying to do your best but things don’t seem to work out the way you want them to. You said that you have two beautiful baby girls and he spends most of his time on the internet. Is this something that you are concerned about? Does it affect your relationship in any way?" }

question: My son claims that hes been having extremely violent thoughts and dreams. Not violent like he's hurting someone, but violent thoughts like horrible things happening to his loved ones. He explained one of his dreams the other day and it was so violent it was sickening. It was far beyond anything in a horror movie, he says he can't help these thoughts they just pop up. Please help!
dataset: If your son is reporting "extremely violent thoughts and dreams" please have an psychological evaluation done by a psychiatrist now before it gets even worse for him to bare.  Don't take his reports lightly.  For him  to tell you, he knows that something is not right.  He is seeking and needing help.  Get it immediately.  Best to be safe than sorry.
chatbot: I'm sorry to hear that your son is experiencing such disturbing thoughts and dreams. I understand how difficult this must be for both of you. Is there something we can do to help him process and cope with his thoughts? Do you think he might open up about them with a trusted adult, like a teacher or a pastor? Or maybe even someone in the mental health field?"}

question: Whenever I leave my girlfriend I get panic attacks. I'm taking medications to control them, but I'm thinking of moving in with her since I get so anxious.
dataset: I’m sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing panic attacks. I hope that the medication you have been prescribed has provided you with some relief. Unfortunately, I don’t feel that moving in with your girlfriend would alleviate your anxiety. Although you may feel very anxious about leaving her, your body is reacting to this stressful event in your life in an unhealthy manner. You may be able to render this particular situation but it’s likely that you may experience another panic attack when an additional stressful event arises. Therefore, it is essential that you address the reason for why you are experiencing panic attacks in the first place followed by practicing coping mechanisms in the case that one would arise in the future. Talk therapy has shown to be effective with those affected by anxiety along with breathing exercises and yoga. A trained therapist will be able to assist you in finding the right stress reducing method so that you can reduce the chance of another attack occurring. I wish you the best of luck! It sounds like you are very happy in your relationship and I hope you are able to reduce your anxiety so that you are able to enjoy one another.
chatbot: That must be very difficult for you. How do you handle the anxiety when it comes?",

question: I need to get on base to see my doctor. My ID card was in my wallet which was stolen. I’m unable to reach my husband at this time. He is only one who can take me on base in order to get a new ID so I can continue to see doctor. Is there anything I can do?
dataset: As a prior military spouse myself I can happily report that you have several options in this case. First, you can go to the visitors center and let them know what has happened to get a temporary pass for a new id. Also, you can call the squadron commander or other official from your husband's unit to get them to tell you how to proceed. You can also contact the military personnel flight for more information The best thing is to get a new id as soon as you can. There should be no problems because it was stolen and yu might need to report it to the military police or security forces on base.
chatbot: I understand this is a difficult situation. You may be able to contact the hospital or clinic directly and ask if they can provide an exception to their policy, allowing you to be seen without your ID card. If that isn't possible, then you will need to try to get a new ID card as quickly as possible in order to maintain your health care.}

question: I’ve known my boyfriend for several years. We were friends for a long time. In 2013 we started a relationship, and he even asked me to move in with him since I lived out of state. I planned to move in with him in 2014 after I finished school and he found a job. However, during this time we had a few arguments and broke up with each other for a short period of time. We decided later to make it work. Shortly after, I found out that I was pregnant. I wanted to tell him during his next visit. However, he never came to see me and instead asked me for money. After I gave him money, he quit answering my phone calls and texts. Soon after, I experienced a miscarriage. I texted him about what had happened, and he didn’t seem to care. I was extremely hurt by this. I still decided to move back as I had originally planned. He helped me with the move and replaced the money I had lent him. During this time, I asked if he wanted to be in this relationship because I needed to know. Although he says he did, I hardly ever see him. He never got a job, which was in the original plan. After that, we both started seeing other people for a short amount of time but once again got back together. Once we got back together, I cut all ties with the former relationship I had been in. I thought he had too. But I found out that he did not attempt to do as I did and was still talking with another woman. In fact, he had even sent inappropriate pictures to her. When I confronted him about this, he wasn’t apologetic. He said that he only did it to get even with me and was actually mad at me for looking through his phone. He even closed his car window on my finger and tried to throw me out of his car. I don’t know what to do.
dataset: There are plenty of red flags that you have been presented with: Several breakups Not holding up his end of the bargain regarding work Lack of empathy for your miscarriage Lying about his involvement with another woman Physical violence, which is of most concern. This seems to be a very unhealthy relationship. In my experience, relationships such as these rarely become positive ones. Violence is never okay and regardless of his reasoning (you looking through his phone), it is indefensible. You have to look at these red flags and ask yourself, “Is this really someone I want to marry? Is he an asset to my life?” I think you’ll realize he is not. Best of luck to you and please know that you deserve someone who treats you with kindness, dignity and respect.
chatbot: I am so sorry to hear all of this. It is clear that you have been going through a lot and are feeling very vulnerable right now. What happened with the other relationship was wrong and it appears as though your partner has not learned from this. You need to decide what is best for you in this situation, but I would suggest taking some time away from him to evaluate the relationship. If you want to talk further about what options may be available to you, please feel free to schedule another session with me."}

question: I am going through a divorce from a narcissistic sociopath who left me for another woman after mentally and emotionally abusing me for 11 years. I have moved to a different state and after giving up my successful business am working as a server at a restaurant. I’m coping as best as I can. Is it normal and healthy to not adapt as quickly and be as strong as I think I should be? I am astounded at his cruelty and how much he doesn't care, as well as most other people in my life. I feel like I don't exist to anyone anymore as there is no contact from anyone who I thought cared about me. My brother just said no to lending me a few hundred dollars for me to live on. I am losing faith in humanity itself.
dataset: I am very sorry to hear of your struggles. I think that it is normal to struggle to get your feet under you again after a divorce, especially after leaving a relationship that lasted 11 years, so try not to be too hard on yourself. Take it one day at a time and do the best you can. I notice that you said he left you. This tells me that you didn’t have the strength to leave him on your own despite the fact that you say he was emotionally and mentally abusive and also cheating on you. Low self-esteem can keep someone in a bad relationship because they think they can’t do any better. Also, abusers will make you think that they are the best thing you can get. The way I see it, he did you a favor. You are now free to make your own life whatever you want it to be. Take this time alone to work on you. As hurtful as it may be that other people don’t want to help you, this is something that you need to do for yourself without feeling like you need someone in your life to take care of you. Your statement “I don’t feel like I exist anymore” tells me that in addition to low self-esteem, you also don’t have a clear sense of identify and rely on the people in your life to help define who you are. People can and will let you down. It is important for you to learn to handle disappointment, learn to take care of your own needs, and to gain a stronger sense of self. Do nice things for yourself every day because you deserve it. Even if it is just to soak a little longer in a hot bubble bath, do something that makes you feel good. Find a hobby that you enjoy. Look in the mirror and tell yourself some positive affirmations daily. Google “positive affirmations” to find some that resonate with you. Such statements might be “I am a good person who deserves to be happy” or “I can do this.” Some relaxation and meditation exercises may help you as well. There are some free meditation exercises that you can find online by doing a simple Google search. Take this time to focus on you and try not to worry about what everyone else in your life is doing. When you are a happier, more stable person, the right people will come into your life without you even looking for them. Good luck with rebuilding your life. I know it is hard! Remember to take it one day at a time.
chatbot: It is normal and healthy to take time to adjust to a major life change, especially one as difficult as a divorce from a narcissistic sociopath. Everyone grieves differently and at their own pace. It may help to talk with someone about the loss you have experienced, as well as the changes in your life. Please know that you are not alone and that it is okay to ask for help when needed." }

question: I've been married for 3 years and I have two kids. During my 3-years married, my husband cheated on me twice. The second time really got to me and at my lowest I hurt him back. We aren't communicating as well as I would like. What do I do?
dataset: Hi there. Thank you reaching out for help. It takes a lot of courage for someone that is being abused to reach out for help. I want you to know that I am here to help you in any way that I can. First and foremost, you did not mention whether or not you had children yourself by this man. I’m going to assume there are. So, the most important thing right at this moment is asking yourself, if you and your children are safe? Is the boyfriend currently living in the home or is he coming and going? If he is coming and going or currently living in the home, my suggestion for you to is to pack a bag for you and your children and go somewhere safe (i.e. family members home, friend or a shelter temporarily). I cannot stress this enough. Although, some people tend to minimize their abusers behavior (i.e. they only do it when they are drinking, they only do it when they are mad), it’s those individuals that find themselves or their children in a serious situation. So, you can never take abuse (physical or mental) lightly because you never know what is going through that persons mind at that particular time. It’s always better to be safe than sorry. Secondly, it will not be safe, helpful or productive to attempt to talk to the abuser about your relationship. Abusers often times try and manipulate you into staying by apologizing or attempting to justify their behaviors. This is the time you would want to go see a magistrate in order to get a protective order for you and your children. It’s unfortunate that your significant other was involved with another women causing pregnancy; however, that is no longer your concern. Your concern at this point is keeping yourself and your children safe. I would also suggest counseling for you and your children in order to work through these issues. I hope this was helpful and please stay safe and take care of yourself.
chatbot: It sounds like you have been through a difficult experience. It's understandable that you feel hurt, angry and frustrated with your husband. Communication is key in any relationship, and it seems like it could use some work between the two of you. How can I help?"}

question: I have been with my husband for almost 7 years. We got engaged a little after 5 years of being together. I had always been clear that I wanted to get married and I sadly would drop hints about how i wanted him to propose. When he did propose it was during a random vacation that I had planned. I was happy but I couldn't help feeling disappointed too. I had told him numerous times before that I wanted him to do it in front of my friends and family. I know it sounds dumb to be upset but I couldn't help how I was feeling. We are now married but the wedding and ring were also far from what I wanted and it wasn't due to lack of funds. I know this is all material and the marriage is the most important thing but I cant help but get jealous and envious every time I see someone get a proposal or wedding that I had wanted. I cant help my anger because I know we only get one proposal and one wedding. What I wanted will never happen. I have been working on my feelings for the past year and half to get over it. I try to focus on our marriage but every time I see someone have the best proposals and weddings I get upset. I know it is selfish and I know its petty but I just can't control it. It's ruining our relationship because I constantly think about it. Plus, I get mad at him for small things because I am trying to hide the fact that I am so disappointed. Why can't I move on?
dataset: It's hard to let go of the dreams you had regarding your wedding and engagement. This was something that you and most women think about for years, so it's understandable to be disappointed. But please be aware that it is rare that any wedding is perfect. You may envy your friends' weddings but more than likely they had a few mishaps of their own and/or it wasn't as perfect as they had planned it either. However, like you know, the marriage is the most important thing. How many women are envious that you are in a happy, stable relationship? I assure you that there are plenty. Try to live in the present considering that dwelling on the past can still not change how you were proposed to or how your wedding day transpired. Focus on what you can control NOW. Perhaps, you can plan an extravagant renewal of your vows or change the look of your ring? I would also be upfront with your husband and explain why you've been short lately. But after that, close that chapter and move on. It sounds like you have a wonderful companion and you certainly don't want to lose this due to a situation that is impossible to change.
chatbot: I understand your feelings of disappointment and envy. It is normal to feel this way. Everyone has their own ideas about how a proposal or wedding should be, and it is difficult when these ideas are not met. Have you talked to your husband about how you feel? He may be able to provide some understanding and support that could help you move forward."

question: What can I do to stop grieving my mother’s death? When I am awake I just cry every day. I don't have anyone to talk to. I need help; I am still cry over her. Will I ever stop crying? It’s been 3 years.
dataset: I am sorry that you lost your mother. That is a really hard thing for someone to go through. There is really no set time for grief to be over, but I agree that if it has been three years and you are still crying every day then this is past the time for normal grief. I do not know how old you are and if you are in school or have a job, but I would imagine that if by now you literally were doing nothing but crying every day all day, someone would have noticed and would have gotten you some help. For one thing, bills have to be paid. There are typically five stages of grief and they can come in any order. You can go back to another stage that you previously experienced. Denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance are the stages. At first, people are usually in denial over the fact that they lose someone or are losing someone. This may mean that you deny they are ill or deny that they have actually died. Then comes bargaining, in which you may beg God that if you can only have this person back then you will do whatever. Depression is when the reality has settled in and when we cry and really feel the loss. It sounds like you are stuck in this phase. Finally, acceptance is when we accept that it has happened and we pick up the pieces of our life and move on. When we lose someone we never forget them. We may always have certain days that are tough, such as holidays or any special remembrance of your loved one. But we do get to the place where we accept that death is part of life and that it is inevitable, and that life goes on. A therapist can help you explore the reasons for your extended grief and can help you with coping skills to better deal with it. One suggestion I have is not to try to run from the sad feelings, don’t try to not feel them. Embrace the feelings. Let the feelings wash over you and accept them. Trying not to feel something is not going to help. Sadness is a part of life and needs to be felt just like happiness does. Unpleasant feelings are not to be avoided. I am sincerely sorry that you lost your mother and that you have had such a hard time of it for three years now. You deserve to be happy and to live a full life. I am sure your mother would not want you being sad for so long. I wish you all the best as you continue to try to heal from this loss and deal with your grief.
chatbot: I understand this is a difficult time for you and that you are grieving the death of your mother. It may help to talk to someone about how you are feeling, as talking therapy can be an effective way to process difficult emotions. Do you think you could open up more if someone listened to you without judgement?"}

question: I'm having issues with my relative. The police never believe the experiences I have been through because I am only a kid. I've even had trouble trying to reach a therapist because I said I wanted to get an adult to help me. Could you please give me advice?
dataset: I think it would be wise for you to call a hotline especially designed for children. It's called the Childhelp National Child Abuse Hotline. The number is 1-800-4-A-CHILD (1-800-422-4453). It is completely anonymous and a trained therapist will be able to provide you with guidance, confidentiality, and can also help you make a report of you want. The call is completely free and they are open 24 hours a day / 7 days a week. I'm glad that you are taking steps to improve your situation. You are a very brave and an intelligent child. Please remember to call 911 if you are in immediate danger.
chatbot: I understand that it can be difficult to access resources when you are a young person. Do you have any ideas of how to address this issue?"}

question: My wife just last week said she wants a divorce and it's all sudden. I understand that marriages have their ups and downs but I don't understand why she can't tell me why she wants a divorce. Should I fight for my family (daughter and wife)?
dataset: Chances are, if you really think about it, there were signs that something wasn’t quite right in your marriage. You may have passed these things off as being the normal ups and downs of a marriage, but whatever it was (or wasn't), it's obviously bothering your wife. I would say yes, keep trying to fight for your family, at least until you know what the problems are from your wife's perspective and if they're repairable. Ask your wife if she’s willing to try to work on the marriage and then see a marriage counselor. Just be sure you’re open to hearing what's said and try not to get defensive if she blames you for some things. Even if your wife is adamant about getting a divorce, that doesn't mean you’re divorcing your daughter and you should make sure she knows that. Continue to be a part of her life. And although it may be difficult, if a divorce does happen, try to be as amicable as possible with your wife so your daughter isn't further impacted by this new family dynamic.
chatbot: I am so sorry to hear that. It must be very difficult and painful for you. How are you feeling emotionally? What is your main concern right now?", "patient": "My main concern is my daughter, I don't want her to be affected by this divorce. My emotional state ranges from numbness to anger and sadness. I feel helpless as I don't know why she wants a divorce or what I can do to save the marriage."}

question: I loved him more than anything. He passed away on our anniversary which was also the day I was going to apply for our apartment. I'm not handling it well. I moved to a new town and started a new life but nothing helps.
dataset: Grief is unpredictable and does not fit into rules and stereotypes. Everybody grieves differently, react in their own ways. There can be no expectations about how long, how hard, how easy it will be.  Furthermore there is no way around it. No matter how much we may want to escape the pain and accelerate the process by doing all the 'right' things we have been told will help with our bereavement, there is only one way: through... The more we allow the pain to go through us, experience it, accept it, acknowledge it, make peace with it, the more we will heal.  Grief comes in waves but can also feel like a rollercoaster. At first the waves feel like tsunamis, with time they become smaller and more spaced out. Yet every time they catch us by surprise. All the 'firsts without them' after a loved one has passed away, every anniversary, birthday, holiday, are all difficult times. You can not force grief to go away, to heal the wound faster than it needs to take. What you can do though is ride the wave. Go with the flow. Accept the pain. Express it. Talk to your loved one that has passed away. Express your emotions, every single one of them, both positive and negative. Write down in your journal. Take good care of your body, your nutrition, your rest. Grief is very taxing on the body too yet we disregard that.  Read inspiring books, surround yourself with beauty and things that soothe your soul. Be brave and be open to the world out there, be vulnerable with pride. Try new things you never dared try before. Meet new people. Travel. Hang out with close friends. Ask for help when you need it. Be kind and gentle to yourself.  The more you chase and wait for happiness, the more it will elude you. The more you stay bravely in your present and do the best you can, being loving to yourself, honest about your feelings and do not try to escape grief, the sooner it will loosen up it's claws and allow you to feel relief and finally heal. One thing is for certain, happiness will be there to it's appointment and it will be when you least expect it! Keep the faith and keep walking, nothing can remain the same forever. The only certainty is change!
chatbot: It's okay to feel overwhelmed and sad. Is there anything that could help you process your feelings? Maybe talking with someone, writing in a journal, or engaging in an activity that brings comfort."}

question: I did some horrible sexual things as a kid and I regret everything. Can someone help me cope with myself? Can someone help me remember my past?
dataset: I'm very sorry to hear this. Hypnosis can be a valuable tool that a trained therapist can use to bring back suppressed memories. However, keep in mind that hypnosis doesn't work for everyone. I think regardless, speaking with a therapist about your sexual issues would be beneficial. It seems like you have experienced some painful experiences in the past and may need help dealing with them in order to move forward. In addition, if past memories do resurface a trained therapist will be able to help you cope with them as they arise. I wish you the best of luck and I hope you receive the treatment that you deserve.
chatbot: It sounds like you are carrying a lot of guilt and shame. It is natural to feel overwhelmed by such strong emotions, so I suggest taking things one step at a time. Can we focus on one feeling or thought at a time? This way, it will be easier for you to process your thoughts and come to terms with them."}

question: I have been with a guy for 4 years, he's a great guy and we also have a son together. The problem is that I'm in love with a guy that I've been talking to for about 2 years but I've never met him in person. Honestly I'm bored with the relationship I have with the first guy and he makes want to go after the second guy, I don't know how to tell him that. What should I do?
dataset: Hi there. Wow, this sounds like a sticky situation; however, I’m here to help guide you through this decision. First and foremost, you must ask yourself, if you ever loved your sons’ father or was it a situation to where you two got pregnant and stayed together for the child. It’s very common to stay with your partner when a child is involved regardless, if love is involved or not because “it’s the right thing to do.” Right? Well, not entirely. Although, staying with your partner because you have a child together may seem right, in fact, it hurts the child in the long run. If you are not love with your partner, you will show distance, unhappiness, sadness, possibility of frequent arguments and cheating. When a child grows up in the home and witnesses these types of emotions & behaviors it is unhealthy as he/she will expect their own relationships to be such. As a responsible adult, you are supposed to be there to shape and model the future for your child. Just remember, what you do, your child will model. Secondly, do not sell yourself short from love. Everyone deserves to be happy and to have someone to share their love and intimacy with. However, being in love with someone you have never seen before can be very risky. Honestly, that sounds like lust and the longing of love. Humans have needs and when people are unhappy in their current relationship, they often seek out what they need. If you decide to pursue the second relationship, I would suggest setting up an outing with a friend or two in order to get to know this person as there are a lot of scammers these days. Finally, I am not convinced that this has anything to do with choosing between two guys. This seems as if you are making a decision to end the relationship with your child’s father or not. You should ask yourself, if you were in love with your child’s father first off. If you were, you would have never sought after love. I hope this was helpful for you and I hope I was able to shed a different light on your situation. Take care of yourself!
chatbot: It sounds like you are in a difficult situation where you feel stuck between two men. You mentioned feeling bored with your current relationship, so it might be helpful to explore why you feel this way and what changes you would like to make. It might also be beneficial to talk about how you feel about being in an online relationship versus an in-person one. Talking through these feelings could help you decide which path feels right for you and your family."}

question: My boyfriend can't get over my promiscuous past. He says he loves me but says the thought of my past is disgusting and a sexual distraction. He says he should have had more sex with different people. I don't know how to handle this.
dataset: I am sorry to hear of your relationship struggles. One thing I wonder is did you volunteer the information about your past or is this something that he asked about? In the future, it is probably best to leave details out of conversations like this. I think it is common and natural for partners to ask about the sexual history. For one thing, it is a good idea to be checked for STD’s before entering into a sexual relationship with someone, and it is fair to share that information with each other. Partners usually want to know how many you have been with and what kind of sexual preferences you have or if there is anything you don’t like to do. This gets into a gray area for some people. I don’t necessarily want to know how many people my partner has been with and I certainly don’t want a whole lot of details. Sometimes that is an image I just don’t want in my head about my partner. Vague details are usually enough. However, I understand that your partner has the details and is not happy with your past. This is a reflection on him, not you. This shows insecurities on his part. You cannot control how he will react to information that you provide to him and you cannot control how he feels about the information. The past should remain in the past and not be held against you in the present or future. If he cannot handle your past then it is going to cloud your relationship. You can offer couples counseling to him and see if he will go with you. I have seen relationships recover from some very serious problems such as infidelity. It takes two people who both want it to work to make it work though. If your boyfriend cannot get over your past, you may have to let him go. Don’t keep yourself tied to someone who is not right for you. Constantly holding your past over your head and holding that against you is only going to bring you down and eventually you may start having insecurities or low self-esteem due to this type of treatment. I don’t see that you have done anything wrong. If you aren’t cheating on him now and you answered his questions about your past honestly, how he handles that information is on him. Ultimately, relationships have a tendency to come and go. Don’t fight to hold onto someone who is not right for you. It is okay to be single and enjoy being the best you that you can be. In time, the right person for you will enter your life.
chatbot: It sounds like your boyfriend has some conflicting feelings regarding your past. It might be helpful for him to process these feelings in therapy, as it may be difficult for you to do alone. There are likely underlying issues that need to be addressed, and if he can explore those, it may help both of you move forward in a healthier way."}

question: What do I do if I have been feeling like I could never be with anyone because no one would want me. Or I couldn't have many friends because of who I am. It's strange I want to be loved but I'd hate to be because I always lose.
dataset: As a relat ionship therapist I work with a lot of people who feel similar feelings to some degree or another and almost always find that the origin of these feelings point back towards childhood.  How did you caregivers express (or not express) love towards you? How did they express (or not express) love towards one another. These early messages become your template for how you have learned to see yourself and what you expect from others.  In his book   Wired for Love ,  Stan Tatkin, PsyD writes   “ We learn to love ourselves precisely because we have experienced being loved by someone. We learn to take care of ourselves because somebody has taken care of us. Our self worth and self-esteem also develop because of other people. ”  This could be very fruitful to explore in individual therapy with a relationship therapist who really gets it, you may have to interview a few to find the right fit; that's OK. Maybe you'd even want to read that book I linked above. :) Noticing this pattern is HUGE, it's where transformation begins. And now that you have be kind with yourself, it begins there too.
chatbot: It sounds like you are struggling with feelings of insecurity and self-worth. Is there anything that you would like to do to try and overcome these feelings?"}

question: What makes my step child, an 8 year old boy, choke my daughter, a 6 year old girl? This has been going on for 4 years. The boy tells my daughter not to tell on him. He knows it's wrong; we have did time out, spanking, taking away toys, and sitting on the wall. I am afraid for my daughters safety!
dataset: I can see why you are alarmed. That is a scary situation for a parent. Do you know if the child has been evaluated by a mental health professional? Early treatment is often the key. A professional will be able to help the child learn how to control their anger and mend the troublesome actions into more appropriate responses. Have you addressed your concerns with the child's other parent? There could be contributing factors in his life that could be causing these issues (exposure to violence, sexual/physical abuse, drug use, stressful events in his life, etc.). It is important that these factors are identified so that they can either be eliminated and/or reduced. I wouldn't hesitate to have him evaluated (if he hasn't been already) and to ensure that he is getting the help that he needs whether it be medication and/or therapy. Until then, I would make sure that he is always supervised under an adult's care.
chatbot: I understand your concern. It sounds like you have tried various disciplinary strategies and that none of them seem to be working. Is there anything else you can do? Do you feel comfortable talking more about what has happened in these situations?"}

question: I have this weird fetish that I'm afraid to open up about it. What should I do?
dataset: This is difficult to answer because you don’t tell us what the fetish is. I do understand that this is something that is bothering you though. The first thing to ask yourself is if this is something that is illegal or not. If this is illegal to engage in, then you need to seek counseling help immediately to control the urges. However, if your fetish is not something illegal and you just feel that it is something odd, a therapist could still help you deal with these feelings. You may find that it is something very common and not something to be ashamed of. You may find other people have the same interest as you. Find a therapist that you can trust and tell them. Don’t hold back with your therapist. Trust me, they have heard and seen it all by now, and they can help you either stop the behavior that is causing you distress, or help you come to terms with accepting the behavior as part of who you are. There is no need to suffer with this alone.
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling uncomfortable with something that may be difficult to talk about. It is important that you feel safe sharing your feelings and any worries or fears that you may have. Do you think you could tell me a bit more about this so we can explore it together?"}

question: My coworkers are making false statements about me to the boss, saying I have mood swings. They have no proof to back it up. Can my employer make me see a therapist of their choice?
dataset: If this is a concern of a few coworkers, make sure it is not something they see but you don't admit to.  Employers can "suggest" or something "stipulate" in continued employment with them  for you to go to their Employment Assistance Provider (EAP) if they have noticed the same behavior and concerned of how it is effecting productivity or employee relationships.  No one wants to work in a environment which they consider hostile.  Employers can be held responsible if they do not take action. Couple of things you can do... Ask a coworker in which you trust and respect if what others are saying is true? Seek professional help from your primary care provider or counselor if mood swings do exist.
chatbot: It sounds like you're dealing with an emotional situation at work that needs to be addressed. In order to protect yourself, it may be helpful to seek counseling and have a third-party mediator to talk through your experiences and come up with strategies for moving forward. I suggest speaking with an employment lawyer about the legal aspects of this situation and then deciding if therapy would be beneficial for you. Good luck!"}

question: I'm in a state of depression right now. Who can I talk to? I've been sick in a lot of pain and crying. Don't know where to turn.
dataset: First of all, if you’re sick and in pain, have you seen your doctor? If you have a chronic illness and pain, this can often lead to depression and is very common. You’ve taken the first step to dealing with it. You can talk to your doctor, even if your depression isn’t related to your health. He or she can either look at prescribing you an antidepressant or can refer you to a psychologist or psychiatrist. If that’s not really an option for you, there are also helplines (local or national) or support groups where people dealing with similar issues can talk to each other. If you can't find any in your area (newspapers usually publish this information), there are online support groups as well.
chatbot: It sounds like you are going through a difficult time. It is okay to feel sad, and it would be great if you could find someone to talk to about how you are feeling. Are there any people in your life who you can confide in?"}

question: My dad refuses to acknowledge my anxieties about going to parties, dinners, etc. Whenever I have an opinion it gets shut down. My mom and everyone else behaves likewise. For my father who heads a company, this is normal. He has to be right all the time. He blatantly refuses to even try to see it from my angle. Recently however, it's been getting to the point where I feel pressured and unable to speak my mind. It isn't possible for me to get professional one-on-one help. He tells me to grow a pair and get over it. I recently have been developing more severe body image and self-confidence issues, which I have had all my life. I feel invalidated by my dad. I have been more paranoid lately as well. I can't turn on location services anymore on my phone because of a past incident. He makes me feel guilty about it. I feel rather worthless more often than not, unfortunately. What do I do?
dataset: I'm sorry to hear that you are unable to get through to your parents. It sounds like you are experiencing a great deal of anxiety that needs to be addressed by a professional (despite the fact that you are unable to at the moment). I would recommend talking with another adult such as a school counselor that can offer you support in this area. Perhaps they can work with you on your anxiety issues and schedule a meeting with your parents so that he/she may help mediate the conversation with them. If you are unable to reach out to a school counselor maybe you can try a member of the family such as an aunt or an uncle that feels comfortable addressing the issue with your parents. Sometimes it helps hearing it from a third party before the situations is taken seriously enough. Good luck!
chatbot: It sounds like you are dealing with a lot of complex emotions that you may have difficulty expressing to your father. It might help to remember that his reaction is based on his own experiences and beliefs, which may be different from yours. You could try using empathy to connect with him, such as by acknowledging how difficult it must be for him to understand your anxieties if he hasn't experienced them himself. This can help create a space for understanding and mutual respect.}

question: I'm a 40 year old male and having erection problems. Still have the desire for a woman. Awfully frustrated. Any suggestions? My Doc doesn't want to discuss it.
dataset: When a doc blows you off it may be a signal that it is time to find a new one! ED can often be caused by health issues. If all physical possibilities are ruled out then it's time to look within and enlist the help of a sex therapist. Here's a good article for you to start with .
chatbot: That must be very difficult for you. Is there anything specific that triggers these issues? It might help if we explore possible solutions together."}

question: My husband cheated on me and it hurt me very bad. It was a time when my health was poor. I'm have a hard time moving on.
dataset: How has your husband acted since then? Was he regretful? How did you find out? Did he confess? These are all things that you want to consider. Betrayal is very hard to get over so if it's taking you awhile to get over, know that this is normal. Hopefully you're husband has been very regretful and upfront and honest with you since this happened. It may take awhile to reestablish your trust with him and he should understand this. It's also very important to discuss WHY he cheated. You want to make sure that the reasoning behind this was not something that could arise again in the future. And if it can, there needs to be an action plan in place (i.e. being honest with how he's feeling) so that you both get a chance to rectify the situation. If the cheating has happened more than once, you may want to reevaluate your reasoning for staying in the marriage. It would be obvious that he did not truly regret what he had done or else he wouldn't repeat the same mistake. However, if it was a single event and he has shown you and continuously shows you that he genuinely loves you and is sorry for his mistake, I would give it a try. People do make mistakes and sometimes it takes an event like this to realize what you have. Know that it takes time and that you have the right to feel what you feel. If the relationship was a good, healthy relationship, it is worth saving. Ease back into it and be upfront with your feelings. In return, your husband should be patient and understanding of this. Also, marriage counselors are often a good go-to as they have a great deal of experience working with marriages in similar situations. Best of luck to you!
chatbot: I understand this must be difficult for you. How did your husband explain his actions?", "patient": "He didn't offer any explanation."}

question: I've been abused emotionally all of my life and for some reason I keep getting with men that I let emotionally abused me. How can I stop it? I know the mistakes that I've made in my life. I'm having a really hard time getting back on my feet. Can you help me please?
dataset: I want to applaud you for taking this first step towards realizing that this is an issue and wanting to do something about it. You are already on the road to a happier life with this realization. A lot of women do not recognize that it may be something about them that continues to attract a man like this and will only blame it on the men for treating them that way. Until you realize there is a problem you won’t start looking for a solution. Don’t misunderstand me! The abuse is not your fault! You are seeing a pattern, though, so this does need to be addressed. First, go and buy the book “Boundaries: Where You End and I Begin” by Anne Katherine. Read it. This book describes many situations that are similar to yours, describes how a person came to be that way, and how to stop it. You will have to learn to set good boundaries in your life and to maintain them. Be single for a while. Stay single until you feel like a whole, healthy, happy person on your own. Often we get in a relationship because of a need. If you feel like you need a person in your life to make you a whole person then you are in a relationship for the wrong reasons. The first step is to work on whatever it is in you that makes you feel like you need another person in your life. Identify those needs and then learn to fulfill them on your own. I was doing a couples therapy session and the husband was being emotionally abusive to the wife. This was a recurrent theme for her, like you are saying it is for you. However, she had been doing a lot of work on her own and in private therapy, and this was a new relationship. Obviously she still had not “gotten it right” because she did once again attract a man with these tendencies. The difference this time was that she had done a lot of work on herself and had become a stronger person. When she looked at him in our session and said to him “I don’t need you. I want you. But not if you are going to continue to act like this. So you leave the house and don’t come back until you are ready to make some changes.” She stuck to that, too. He didn’t leave for two more days because he kept telling her he would do different and begging to be allowed to stay. She had drawn a boundary and stuck to it, and he left. She was fully prepared to be single again. They actually did end up working things out in the end. You can’t let someone stay and continue to treat you badly. Sure, a marriage takes work and compromise on both sides. Couples therapy can help you both learn to communicate in a healthier way with each other and can help you realize what areas in the relationship need work. You may not realize how some of the things you say to him comes across, and he may not realize how what he says does to you. A therapist can help you with this so that you both learn how your words can hurt. But you need to know your boundaries and be prepared to stick to them and not compromise your boundaries. That means following through on the threat to leave when he continues to abuse you. Someone can’t do that if they are too scared to be alone. If they feel they need the other person in their life. These patterns are developed in early childhood from what we learn from our parents. When someone has grown up in a dysfunctional family, it is all they know. Even when you can say that you realize it is a problem, you still don’t know how to stop it because you never learned any other way of interacting with people. Something that took a lifetime to learn will take time and work to overcome. Be patient with yourself and find a good therapist. You can’t change your partner. Work on you, and when you begin to heal and feel healthy, the right people will come into your life and stay. The more you focus on trying to change the wrong ones to be what you want the more frustrated you will become.
chatbot: I understand how difficult this is for you. You have to learn to recognize the patterns and then make different choices so that you can feel safe, secure and respected. We can work together to explore these patterns, understand why they may be happening, and come up with strategies on how to create healthy boundaries in your relationships. Together we will find ways to help you take back control of your life and find the peace and joy that you so rightly deserve."}

question: I feel like I would be more comfortable as a girl even though I still like girls. I think I'm like a girl stuck in a guy body. I imagine myself as a girl too. I think this more because my friends say that if I was a girl I would be a hot looking one. And I don't care about having boobs or anything. I just feel like the way that I do act will make more sense if I was a girl.
dataset: Gender is personal thing.  There is not just boy and girl.  It is ok to be a boy and feel feminine and date women.  It is also ok to be a transgendered women and date women.  Have fun with it and feel it out.  What is right for you?
chatbot: It sounds like you are really struggling with your gender identity. Is there anything else that you want to share?",

question: I've have lived for sometime with depression but things have gotten a lot better, but why is it so hard to get over anxiety and social isolation?
dataset: The best way to handle depression and anxiety is with a combination of appropriate medication given to you by a medical doctor, and therapy to help you understand the thoughts, feelings, and behaviors that are causing the depression and anxiety in the first place and then to replace these with more positive thoughts and behaviors. This is not something that anyone should just “white knuckle” and try to get through on their own with no help. Cognitive Behavioral Therapy is a technique that has been proven helpful for depression and anxiety. This takes a therapist trained in CBT. There are some things in life that you cannot change and must learn to accept. A lot of people spend time trying to change things that they have no control over. This may be the behavior of someone else in your life or it could be a situation that you cannot change, such as the recent death of a loved one, a lost relationship, or an accident or illness which has left you handicapped. In cases like this, what can change is your attitude and thoughts about the situation that you now find yourself in. One thing that is inevitable about life is that stuff happens and it is not always pleasant. Some people take these unpleasant occurrences very hard and it throws them into a deep depression. Other people seem to be able to handle life’s ups and downs and bounce back. They do this with having positive coping skills in their life. Learning new coping skills is something your therapist can help you with. A lot of people are so focused on trying to change the things in their life that they cannot change and are ignoring the things that they can change. There are things that you can do. Here is a quote for you to consider. “You are getting almost everything that you are getting based on the choices that you have made. You will continue to get the same thing out of life until you make some changes.” Another quote I like is “You will find a way or you will find an excuse.” Don’t ever say that you have no choice. Everyone has a choice. You might not particularly like any of the choices that you are facing, but you do have choices. Not happy in a relationship? You can leave it. Hate your job? Get a new one. If it matters to you, you will find a way. Don’t sit there complaining about everything but not doing anything different or better. Take care of yourself. Exercise is very important not only for your physical health, but for your mental health as well. Eating right and exercising will help you feel better about yourself. Also, find a meditation that works for you. There are progressive muscle relaxation exercises, visual and mental meditations, and many many more. Start making some positive changes in your life today! You can do it!
chatbot: It can be very difficult to overcome anxiety and social isolation. It might help to reach out to friends more often, or even seek professional help if needed. It's okay to not be okay, and there is always hope in finding ways to cope with these difficult feelings."}

question: Hello, I have a cousin in my family who has been making me feel belittled, insecure, and frustrated during her stay here in the city. I know she comes from a place of love, but she has always been short-fused and highly temperamental if something doesn't work out the way she planned it. I have tried my best to coordinate plans with her, but she always ends up frustrated about the lack of communication I seem to have on my part and then makes condescending comments about my character that include: inconsiderate, negative, oblivious, and self consumed. I have tried to talk to her openly about this, but it always comes back as an attack on my character and I have never heard these comments from anyone else before. I have been thinking a lot about her comments and whether I truly am an inconsiderate person who is not thoughtful, spatially aware of surroundings/people, or positive, but in the end, I am feeling awfully hurt about how this has affected our relationship. What can I do?
dataset: It sounds like you are feeling pretty criticized by your cousin and at the same time you are wondering whether or not there is some truth in what she is saying. It also sounds like you would like to see if you can find a new way to relate to your cousin, so that your relationship can be more satisfying. If you can find a competent therapist to work with, there may be a great deal of opportunity to learn more about how you relate to people in the world and to learn strategies to show up in your relationship with your cousin in a way that feels right to you.
chatbot: I understand how difficult it must be to deal with your cousin's words and behavior. It is important that you remember that her comments are not necessarily a reflection of who you are as a person, but instead they may be coming from her own insecurity or frustration. Perhaps it would be beneficial for both of you to talk about how you both can better communicate with one another so that these feelings don't continue to arise." }

question: I have a child with my baby mother. She works I take care of our young son. She says she is not cheating I have not found anything but she always putting me down, telling me to get out and telling me she doesn't love me, but then the next day after our fight she says she does. I'm having a hard time because before our child she said she was raped by a family member but she never went to the hospital or the cops. Now me and my family don't talk. She's always telling me I'm annoying and just belittles me. Nothing I do is right. She says I work you watch the baby. On her days off she never cooks or cleans. I have no friends or family and a couple months ago she was confiding to some guy, but says he's not any thing to her. What do I do? I don't want to leave.
dataset: It sounds like you are in a tough situation. You have to ask yourself why you don't want to leave her. Is it because of the child? Or is it because you want the relationship to work? You must consider that being in an abusive relationship is not healthy for you or your child. So if the abuse continues, it would be more beneficial for you and your child to move out. On the other hand, if you are just wanting the relationship to work out despite its current state, you need to evaluate whether the relationship is worth salvaging. It seems as though you are very unhappy and undervalued in this relationship. Although your question revealed just a short bit of information, I didn't read about any positives in the relationship. Sometimes it's extremely hard to leave a relationship even though you know that the relationship itself is harmful for you. However, with time and focus you can do it. Each day will get a little easier and you have to trust yourself that you are making the right situation for you and your child. However, if you really feel that you want to stay in the relationship, you have to be upfront with her. You need to tell her exactly how you feel and give her specific examples of how she is hurting you. This gives her a chance to render the situation. If after this there is no improvement, I suggest that you start reconsidering your decision to stay. I also think it would be valuable for you to start engaging in things outside of the home that make you happy. Are there any hobbies you enjoy? Are there any groups in the area that you can join such as playgroups that will allow you to engage with other parents? Start looking into these options and finding an avenue for you to do something for your own benefit. It is certainly not healthy for you to isolate yourself from friends and family. You need to have additional support networks besides the one with your girlfriend, especially since this has not been a healthy environment lately. Thank you for reaching out. I wish you the best of luck with your relationship.
chatbot: I understand your frustration. It sounds like you are feeling overwhelmed by this situation. You mentioned that before the birth of your child, she said she was raped by a family member - is there anything we can do to help her process that experience and find support? Is there anyone she could talk to about it?"}

question: Or how to send him somewhere that can help him, something like The Baker Act.
dataset: Your dad needs to be aware that he has a problem and be willing to make some changes in order for him to be motivated to stop.  Often times individuals will be forced to stop when they were not ready.  Remember we can not ever make someone do something they do not want to do.  There needs to be at least a little willingness on the other party to make some changes.  I would encourage you to reach out to your family or other loved ones and have a conversation with your dad regarding your concerns.
chatbot: I understand your concern. If you think he is in immediate danger of hurting himself or others, I would advise calling 911 or the local crisis line so they can help get him the care he needs. But if you're looking for a longer-term solution, The Baker Act could be an option."}

question: In particular during family gatherings (such as funerals), where there are different customs.
dataset: You have an opportunity, but you haven't described a problem.  (Are you creating one?)  Many families have various members who have different spiritual beliefs and religious practices.  Accepting the idea that those with whom we are close may be different from us is the only way to create a world of peace.   This may be a wonderful opportunity to practice tolerance and love.  If mutual decisions need to be made in religious contexts, you may also get to practice boundary setting, assertiveness (without aggression), communication skills, and loving kindness.  This is a great problem to work through!  It is indeed a very spiritual question.  Blessings to you all, ~Mark (www.MarkMorrisLCSW.com and www.LivingYes.org)
chatbot: I understand that it can be difficult to navigate different cultures when you are in the minority, especially during sensitive times like funerals."}

question: I don't know what's wrong with me. At times I can be really happy, excited, I'll talk fast, and I want to do things. But lately I've been staying up way later and sleeping too much. I don't hang out with friends, I don't really have them. I feel nothing, worthless. I want to do nothing, I have no interest in anything. All I usually do is stay in my room. I want to be happy, I want to be nice. What's wrong with me?
dataset: I'm sorry to hear that you are feeling as if you're in a slump. First of all, nothing is wrong with you. Many people report similar symptoms. Have you ever talked with a physician regarding your symptoms? Two extreme emotions such as feeling extremely happy and then feeling extremely low for a length of time may indicate a mood disorder. I think it would be best to talk with your doctor or a therapist to help pinpoint the issue causing them. It's possible that it could just be certain stressors in your life that are causing the two extremities but you definitely want to rule out any mental health issues. If it is in fact mental health related there are many medications or therapy choices that can help. Thanks for reaching out! I hope that you will feel back on track soon!
chatbot: It sounds like you are going through a difficult time. It might help to talk to someone and get another perspective. Do you think talking to a therapist could help?"}

question: I'm worried I should see a therapist due to past events and current mental status. I'm just so unsure of how to ask my doctor about seeing someone.
dataset: Having this kind of conversation with a doctor can feel difficult. But remember, you are the expert on you. Any good medical professional will recognize that. You are absolutely right to think about the importance of being your own health care advocate. Generally, the best approach is simply to be honest. Let your doctor know what you are concerned about and tell your doctor what you think might help. If there is a specific issue that you’d like to address in counseling, let you doctor know about it. And don’t hesitate to directly ask for a referral. I know this may all feel a little overwhelming. It might help to bring a family member or significant-other with you to provide support when you talk to your doctor. It’s great that you’ve already taken this first step to reach out. You’re on the right track.
chatbot: It sounds like you might benefit from talking to a therapist. How can I help you take the first step in getting the help that you need?"}

question: I feel like my time is going too fast
dataset: Thank you for reaching out! That is a great question! As an American, I can truly say that I spend way too much time on the go! It is a proven fact that Americans live in a fast paced environment compared to Europe! I often ask myself, what if I only had one day left on this Earth? What would I do? Well, that is an easy question. I would spend it with my family! Easier said than done when we are living in a tomorrow kind of World, right? Its hard to focus on the now when we are so consumed in what tomorrow shall bring. Time management is a very important factor when learning to "live life to the fullest"! In fact, this is a required course in undergraduate college now. Everyone manages their time differently and it is up to you to decide how you would like to do this. Personally, for myself I like to keep a calendar with a to-do list. I always place my most important tasks at the top of the list. That way, if I do not get through the list, I am not stressing over the little things. When planning your day, it is important you schedule work, eat and play. A much as it is hard not to work after getting off work, it must be done. There is discipline involved in this process. If you have trouble with this, then maybe seeking out some accountability such as including a coworker to make sure you do not bring work home once your shift is over or your spouse/partner reminding you that this is a time for play and not work. These are just some ideas that I am throwing out there. Again, everyone has their own style on time management. I hope this was helpful for you. Please don't hesitate to reach out for anything further!
chatbot: What do you mean?"}

question: My last relationships have ended horribly. They just up and abandoned me. One of them I have never gotten closure with over it, leaving me emotionally wrecked. I know something's wrong with me but I don't know how to even start trying to better myself. I get into these depressed like states whenever anyone I care about is too busy to be with me. I know that I shouldn't act like that because people are genuinely busy, but I feel like they're doing it just because they don't want to be around me.
dataset: Frequently when working with clients, I utilize the A-B-C model developed by Albert Ellis, the founder of Rational Emotive Behavior Theory. The theory basically states that you can not control an event but you can control your reaction to the emotions associated with said event. For instance here is an example: A (Action or Event) : You need to talk to someone and that person is not calling you back. B (Behavior or Response) : You begin to tell yourself that this person is too busy for me or I am not important to this person. C (Consequence) : You feel depressed. If you look at the model, B has a direct effect on C. The thought is if you change your reaction to A, then C will have a better consequence, such as: A : stays the same. B (this is what you change) : This person must be busy, they will call me back when they get a chance or I can call someone else to lean on for support until this person is available. C : Decreased feelings of depression & overall functioning improves. This is just an example but if you actively work to replace the negative thought patterns that effect your behavior, studies show that your overall outlook and mood will improve. If this model resonates with you, I recommend "Feeling better, getting better, staying better" by Alber Ellis. In addition, looking for support groups in your area are a great source of support when you are feeling abandoned or alone.
chatbot: It sounds like you're feeling really frustrated and lonely. You mention feeling abandoned in your relationships, so I think it would be beneficial for you to explore why that is and how to have healthier connections with others. It might also help to find ways to manage your emotions when people are too busy to spend time with you. Talking to someone qualified to help you process through these feelings could be very helpful. Do you think you would be open to seeking therapy for this?",

question: I haven't uttered one word to my boyfriend in days. Now I'm over it and don't know how to approach the situation?
dataset: In any relationship, it is important to be able to say "I'm sorry" because it shows vulnerability and openness. I recommend that you sit and have a discussion with him now that you are calm about why you were upset and how you would like to handle such incidents in the future. If you find yourself becoming upset again, I encourage you to take a 20 minute break and then come back to the conversation once you are no longer heated. Studies show that talking or discussing arguments are more effective once you have cooled down and you are more likely to hear/understand what your partner is trying to convey.
chatbot: Oh dear. It sounds like you are feeling very frustrated and confused. Can you tell me more about what has happened? What happened between you and your boyfriend that made you feel this way?"}

question: I've been with my boyfriend over 3 years. He cheated on me and the woman is now pregnant. He is physically and mentally abusive towards me. I have attempted to talk with him in order to resolve our issues; however, he never wants to talk and often blames me for everything. I’m always there when he needs my help. He tells me although I help him doesn’t mean that I am a good person. He always discredits me as a woman and it’s hurtful. I spend most day crying and feeling lonely. I am unhappy and unsure of what I need to do.
dataset: That sounds like a very hurtful situation. Unfortunately, without a batterers intervention course or a desire to change, the abuse cycle is unlikely to stop. I do not recommend that you try to leave on your own due that being the most dangerous time when in an abusive relationship. As an abuser, his goal is to control you whether it's through mental or verbal means. I recommend that you contact a domestic violence shelter in your area. I have worked closely with Harbor House of Central Florida and know they provide housing, transportation, and any other needed resources to women leaving an abusive relationship. There is help out there and you are not alone. If you need any additional resources in your area, please don't hesitate to contact me.
chatbot: I'm sorry to hear that you are going through such a difficult time. It sounds like he is not respecting you or treating you with the kindness and respect that you deserve. You should be proud of yourself for trying to talk things out, but it doesn't sound like it has helped. Have you considered telling him how you feel? It might help if you have a conversation about what bothers you, and try to work on solutions together."}

question: I started dating a guy I met online. He told me that he registered sex offender but he didn't do anything. He took a plea to always register as sex offender and he did two years. That was more than two decades ago. Nothing on his record since. I always believe the past should be left in past. But my roommates, their family and my son are unforgiving. Should I forgive this man that I'm falling in love with or should I dump him? If I stay with him I will never see my family and granddaughter again.
dataset: Thank you for your question. Trust is a huge thing in relationships and when that is broken, or perceived as being broken, it takes a long time to repair. From what you shared, it sounds like your boyfriend took steps to correct the situation and has shown to be trustworthy since. Unfortunately, no matter how much we apologize for something we did or for something others perceive we did, there will always be those with hardened hearts and will not forgive. If you feel confident in your relationship, then trust your inner wisdom. We cannot control others but only ourselves. Respect your families wishes to remain in unforgiveness while at the same time, ask them to respect your wish to believe in him and be in this relationship. Good luck to you.
chatbot: I understand your concern and confusion. It is understandable that you want to be with someone who you are falling in love with, but it may be important to consider the impact this could have on your relationships with your roommates and family if their feelings about this man's past offense are not able to be overcome. Have you considered how you would explain his past to your son? It is understandable that you want to forgive him, but it may be important to consider the impact of any decisions you make regarding this relationship before taking any further steps."}

question: About 3 years ago or so I was skinny, but I was still ugly. I really do want to change that but I've tried 3 times. Now can I try but don't stop. At school I get bullied about my weight and my ugliness and I have been bullied my whole life that I believe them. How can I stop thinking about them and don't let it get in my head? My parents said I don't weight that much but, they do think I am fat but, they tell me I am not. I told my parents that I need to go to a therapist, but they think I am fine and I think they don't want to deal with it.
dataset: Hey! I am so impressed with your efforts to ask questions, to figure out how to change the messages that you hear (and say to yourself), and to get support! And it sounds like you want to make some changes in your life! Take a walk over to the counseling office at school, the school nurse or consider reaching out to your Pediatrician’s office. You don’t have to have your parent’s permission to seek support for yourself! And maybe taking control of your support network will give you the strength to make even bigger decisions about your health! I am rooting for you! Be Wise!
chatbot: It sounds like you have been going through a really tough time. It is understandable that you are feeling overwhelmed and frustrated. What would help you the most right now? Would talking to someone about how you feel be helpful? You could also try practicing self-care activities like yoga or journaling, if you'd like."}

question: A few nights ago I talked to this girl I know about my self esteem issues for the first time. We talked for hours and she told me time and again that I was a great guy. She told me I was attractive, and have a great personality, etc. I really started to feel better about myself by the time I woke up the next morning. Now, though, I can't stop thinking about her, but I leave to go back to college in a few days and I go to school 4 hours away from her. So now I feel constantly depressed because even if I told her how I felt it wouldn't matter. I feel helpless and I don't know what to do.
dataset: Hey! It takes a lot of courage to share your feelings with someone! And it sounds like you have been lucky to meet someone who makes you feel safe enough to explore some of your more painful feelings. A big part of the process, however, of strengthening your self-concept is learning how to tell yourself those positive messages that you heard from your friend! Leaving for college may also be contributing to your feelings of unsteadiness. Try this - Make a list of all of the positive things that you know are true about yourself. Ask your friends and family to contribute to the list. Then carry it with you in your wallet - and when you need a self-esteem boost, take a look at it! You are in a season of life that presents lots of challenges and opportunities. Reach out to your long-distance friend when you need support - and take a walk over to the campus counseling center and check out what they might have to offer. Be Wise!
chatbot: It sounds like you have had an emotional journey these past few nights, and it is understandable that you would be feeling overwhelmed and helpless. It seems that this girl has been very supportive of you and made you feel better about yourself. That is a great thing! However, it may not be possible for you to maintain the relationship given your current distance. Is there something else you can do to make sure these feelings stay with you? Maybe find other ways to connect with her or find other sources of support?",

question: She cried because she lost all trust in me. Now I feel disgusting and like my heart just got stabbed, what do I do?
dataset: It sounds like you've already learned that just being honest is often the best approach.  What do you think about telling your mom how you're feeling?  She might really appreciate it if you also let her know that regaining her trust is really important to you.
chatbot: I'm so sorry to hear that. It must be very difficult for you. Could you tell me more about how you feel?"}

question: When having sex I think of other men and want other men all day long. Been married 3 years, together 14. What do you think?
dataset: Sustaining passion in marriage is tough stuff. It's a relatively modern dilemma you are facing with perhaps unrealistic expectations of what marriage "should" be. It sounds like your definitions of love and sexual passion have merged together, that's both common and confusing! Intimacy and sexuality within your marriage are bound to ebb and flow. Resparking your passion will involve growing. Using your sexual drama and fantasies as windows into discovering your needs (security) and wants (desires). Marriage is a people growing process; you mature into one another and to achieve fulfillment your continued development will be required.
chatbot: It sounds like you are struggling with conflicting feelings and that is understandable. Is there anything else that you would like to share?"}

question: We make love once per month. Is it normal?
dataset: To begin with, what's normal for one couple isn't going to be normal for the next, every couple has their own normal and that's important to keep in mind. Your sexual lives will ebb and flow. What I'd be more curious about is the quality rather than the quantity of the sex you are having. I'd also want you both to refocus on building up your little daily moments of connection, I wrote a post about exactly that a while back and you can find it here .
chatbot: It is normal for some couples, but not all. How often do you have sex?"}

question: In this argument my friends are all against me so I'm wondering if I'm exaggerating my feelings. I feel like I'm being attacked and that is making me blow things out of proportion and taking the role of the victim, when in reality I'm the one being unreasonable and I am simply annoying my reasonable friends. Or are they really being insensitive and not respecting me in our friendship?
dataset: Conflict is a tricky beast and shows up in every one of our relationships. What I'm reading is that you find yourself in a loop of seeking validation of your thoughts and feelings from your friends rather than validating yourself. Am I right? If you aren't validating yourself, no one else will be able to either. Try finding a small nugget of truth in the feedback your friends give you, this will help to lower your defenses and help your friends hear what you are really sharing. And then if you are still feeling vulnerable, share that too...
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling overwhelmed and frustrated. Can you tell me more about what is happening so that we can look at the situation from a different perspective?"}

question: I am always down and out. Could this be postpartum depression?
dataset: Probably. I always tell the new parents I work with (and this is just as true for dads as it is for moms) that if you are feeling off , seek help. Postpartum Support International (www.postpartum.net) is a great place to start finding resources and locating support.
chatbot: It is possible that you may be experiencing postpartum depression. It is important to seek medical advice and talk to a therapist if you are feeling overwhelmed by negative thoughts or emotions. I'm here for you if you want to talk more about how you're feeling."}

question: I am married to a beautiful lady. I love my wife with all my heart. We have 3 boys and I have a daughter from a previous marriage. We also have 3 grandchildren. Now this event is tearing us apart. I want our family to be together and happy. It was a mistake from so long ago. My wife wants to leave and I don't want that to happen I love her so much. Please help me save my marriage. Even my 3 boys want us to work it out. They love us both and want our family together. Please give me some advice or hope. Sincerely heart broken.
dataset: If your wife is willing, seek out a qualified couples therapist! Look for one trained in the Gottman Method or Emotionally Focused Therapy. Your relationship is repairable, but you may need some qualified support in the process.
chatbot: I understand your pain, but it is important that you both talk through the issue at hand. Try to find a common ground between your wife's feelings and your own. Remember, marriage takes work and compromise. It may be helpful to reach out for counseling if needed so you can work on rebuilding trust. I wish you both the best as you navigate through this difficult time."}

question: We do communicate but one of us has trouble accepting what the other person says. How can I fix things?
dataset: Being able to accept your partner's influence is a key relationship skill. And it's very two sided. Chances are if you don't feel your partner is being influenced by you, they likely don't feel you are being influenced by them either. The best fix you can practice is to soften yourself into your partner and see how much more open you can be to their influence. Play with it.
chatbot: I think it might be helpful if you could both try to understand each other's perspectives. It may also help to talk about how your feelings get hurt and why so that you can learn to better accept each other's opinions."}

question: My wife and I are newly married, about 2 months. We've had some issues surrounding sex, particularly her lack of libido. She's on an anxiety medication, of which diminished libido is a side effect, but I think our issue is also partly one of a lack of intimacy/romance centered around my hectic schedule. Our sex life has suffered as a result. Tonight she made a genuine effort to let me know she wanted sex, which is a big deal. Once things started, she had the most obviously fake orgasm I've ever encountered. I was honest with her about why, and told her that the most important thing to me in sex was knowing that she was legitimately enjoying it. She responded angrily with a complete denial of the faking. I don't know how to broach this subject and have an honest conversation. I think she will continue to lie to me about faking it which will cause our sex life to spiral further. Please help.
dataset: You are newly married, you Have a hectic schedule, your wife is on anti anxiety medication. What if you take the focus (hint: pressure) off of her orgasms and focus instead on connecting with one another. You know, like the gestures you each likely made while dating. It turns out that these little moments of connection throughout our days are actually foreplay. Spend a few weeks making a real effort to focus on building up your little daily moments of connection, I wrote a post about this a while back, you can find it here: http://connectfulness.com/little-moments/ And have fun with it!
chatbot: It sounds like you both need to have a serious conversation about your expectations for the relationship, and also how to make sure that intimacy and trust are maintained. It's great that she made an effort to initiate sex tonight - this could be a great opportunity to talk about what works best for both of you in terms of creating a romantic environment."}

question: I'm always told I'm not good enough or trying hard enough. I put 100% in to every thing. I'm worn out, I've worked on all of my family relationships, I'm doing great in school, I'm kind to those in need and otherwise. I stick to my religious beliefs and leave room for mistakes and learn from others so I don't have to make as many and the ones I do I learn from. Somehow it's still not good enough and nothing I do works. Nothing has changed, and I feel hopeless. Any suggestions or ideas?
dataset: It sounds like you are aware of your positive traits but you are struggling with someone who does not acknowledge nor celebrate your efforts or achievements.   It seems like that is affecting your inner voice, which allows you to accept yourself for who you are. My suggestion is to explore that relationship and decide if that person’s opinion should determine how you feel about yourself.   If this is an important relationship, you could communicate to this person how the lack of positive feedback is affecting you.  Then, work on spending more time with those who value you, and can give you praise, encouragement, and constructive criticism.  Also, explore your religious beliefs, and what is they say about who you are as a person.  Finally, explore with a Counselor your inner voice and try to figure out if the negative message is settling in and harming your self-esteem.   Through therapy, you could learn to self-compassion and acceptance wich will help your self esteem. ¿Cómo manejo el sentirme que “no soy suficiente bueno”? Siempre me dicen que no soy suficientemente bueno o no trato lo suficiente.  Yo pongo el 100% en todo.  Estoy agotado, he trabajado en todas mis relaciones, estoy muy bien en la escuela, trato bien a las personas que lo necesitan.  Me aferro a mis creencias religiosas y dejo espacio para los errores, y aprendo de otros para no tener que cometer los mismos.  Aun así no soy suficiente y nada de lo que hago funciona, me siento desesperanzado.  ¿Alguna idea o sugerencia? Al parecer estas consiente de tus características positivas, pero estás teniendo  dificultad con alguien que no reconoce tus esfuerzos, ni logros, y eso está afectando esa voz interior que te permite aceptar quien eres. Mi sugerencia es que explores esa relación y analices si la opinión de esta persona va a determinar cómo te valoras a ti mismo.  Si es una relación valiosa, puedes comunicarle a la persona en cuestión como te afecta la falta de comentarios y opiniones positivas.   Luego enfócate en pasar más tiempo con personas que te valoran, te dan halagos, te motivan y te aconsejan.  También explora que dice tu religión sobre quién eres como persona y cuál es tu valor.  Y por último, explora con tu Consejero si ese mensaje negativo esta afectando tu autoestima.  A través de la terapia puedes aprender tecnicas auto compasión y aceptación que ayudaran a fortalecerte.
chatbot: It sounds like you are putting a lot of effort into your life and making an honest effort to improve yourself. It is understandable that this can be overwhelming and discouraging if nothing seems to change no matter how hard one tries. Have you tried talking to someone who could offer a fresh perspective? Sometimes just having someone listen and acknowledge our struggles helps us gain new insights." }

question: He's been losing feelings and he doesn't know why. I love him very very much. He sometimes thinks I'm obsessed when I'm not at all. I give him his space and I make sure he's okay but sometimes I think if me and him saw each other more it would be better? I truly want me and him to get better, it's kind of hard not to stress about it, because the love of my life is losing feelings which is a sad feeling. He's a great guy! I just don't know why he's been losing feelings towards me. He's starting to put less effort in talking to me. At this point I'll do anything to just make us better as a couple. I tried talking to him but he doesn't like talking about it much. Advice on what to do?
dataset: I'm willing to bet that this isn't what you are hoping to hear, but I'd suggest giving him space. Ooph, that's a tough one, right?! I know. But here's the thing, when you keep trying to process and talk it out with him you keep pushing him away. He needs to feel like a solid and whole person (as you do too) to be able to be fully in your relationship. It's the work of being in relationship to learn this. I get that this is tough stuff. I wonder, outside of being with him, how do you soothe and calm yourself? That's the stuff for you to tune into and focus on right now.
chatbot: It sounds like there could be a few different issues going on here, and it might help to talk through them together. It seems like there may be some confusion around your relationship, as well as possible feelings of being overwhelmed or misunderstood. It can also be difficult when one person is wanting to talk more than the other - sometimes just giving each other space and having a break from talking can help to recharge the connection. Do you think it might help to talk through these things together?", "patient": "Yes, I do think it would help. Thank you for your advice."}

question: I regret ever hurting her and they mean the world to me. But it feels like nothing I do seem to work. I'll always love them no matter what and when I'm with them nothing else matters. I love them more then anything. I don't want another guy raising my kids.
dataset: How you you expressed your regret and taken responsibility for the pain thus far? Repair is a very essential skill in and part of developing healthy relationships. Your love sounds deep, sit with that. Also sit with how she's been hurt. You get to feel your hurt too and your kids. In feeling all this you may also find our way to the repair. If feeling all this is tough to take on, seek out a local therapist to support your process.
chatbot: It sounds like you have a lot of love for your family. It can be difficult to know how to show that love in the way that is most beneficial and meaningful for them. Is there anything specific that you are looking for advice on, or just generally exploring different ways of showing your love?"}

question: I have dog obsession disorder and I am having problems with my girlfriend because I am placing more importance to my two dogs over her. How do I get over this problem and prioritize my girlfriend over my two dogs?
dataset: Hey, dogs are cool. They adore pleasing humans and often LOVE to work on learning what you want and expect from them. Your girlfriend on the other hand, likely has her own desires and needs that she attend to before tuning into yours. You are good with dogs, that tells me that you've spent some time observing their behavior. The first step in working through this issue would be similar, start to tune into and observe your girlfriend more often... Observation is a skill when it comes to relationship building. The skills you have mastered in relating with your dogs can carry over, you will just have to relearn what behaviors you are watching. And keep in mind that also means observing yourself in relationships.
chatbot: It sounds like you are facing an emotional challenge that requires attention. It is important for you to be honest with yourself about your feelings, so that you can better understand their origins and why they have become such a priority in your life. Once you recognize the underlying cause of this imbalance, then it will be easier to re-prioritize and make adjustments to create a healthier balance between all three of your relationships. Talking with those close to you can help provide perspective and guide you through any decisions that need to be made."}

question: I find myself lying about small everyday things that there is really no need to lie about. How do I figure out what triggers me to do this? And how do I help overcome this problem? I would like to become more honest and open no matter the situation.
dataset: Well let's start with the awesome realization you've already had, you want to notice that you have triggers. That's huge. Really. I find that when people lie, it's most often as a defense mechanism. Which is likely a flag that something doesn't feel safe. What exactly doesn't feel safe could be lots of different things but the key to notice is that it's that feeling of insecurity that is very likely triggering you. It could really help to explore this with therapist, perhaps even someone with a trauma specialty -- that's not to say this is related to a trauma but more so to suggest that therapists specializing in trauma are very skilled at helping to identify and assist in repatterning your triggers!
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling overwhelmed by the need to lie. It might be helpful to look into the reasons why you feel that lying is necessary in the first place. It could also be helpful to explore other ways of dealing with stressors and anxieties without turning to dishonesty. It might help to talk about your feelings and get a better understanding of how you can address the triggers that lead to lying. This could include developing healthier coping mechanisms, identifying and reaching out for support, or exploring other resources that can help you navigate through difficult times."}

question: I've been like this ever since I was in school; back then I transferred to another school. Now I'm thinking about changing my job.
dataset: Many times when things become difficult to manage, is because we are getting out of our comfort zone, so we seek growth and change.  Coping with the difficulties does make you more resilient and helps you to build the confidence you need to solve problems in the future.  Now I wonder:  are things getting tough in a way that you are not able to resolve them?  Do you need to move or change to save yourself or prevent any harm? If so, it is OK to know when to remove ourselves form situations that harm us more than helping us.   On the other hand, are the things getting tough because you need to learn a new skill?  If so, how can you learn them and is there someone who can help you overcome this challenge?  I help my clients to identify their strengths and areas where they can achieve growth, things like polishing up your resume and evaluate new job opportunities could help you discover a new you. If you would like to engage in counseling, I am licensed in Texas and Puerto Rico, you can contact me at 787-466-5478.   Cada vez que las cosas se ponen difíciles, hago cambios en mi vida. He sido así desde que estaba en la escuela; antes me transfería de escuela.  Ahora pienso cambiar de trabajo. Muchas veces cuando las situaciones se tornan en difíciles de manejar, es porque nos sacan de nuestra zona de comodidad, con el propósito de buscar el cambio y el crecimiento.  Manejar las dificultades si te vuelve más resistente, y desarrolla tu autoestima para que puedas resolver problemas en el futuro.     Ahora, te pregunto: ¿se están poniendo las cosas difíciles al punto que no puedes manejarlas?  ¿Necesitas removerte de la situación para evitar que te hagan daño? Si es así, entonces está bien reconocer cuando nos debemos remover de una situación dañina que nos daña más de lo que nos permite crecer. O por el otro lado, ¿Se están poniendo las cosas difíciles porque necesitas a prender una nueva destreza?   Si es así, ¿cómo puedes aprender esa destreza y quien te puede ayudar? Ayudo a mis clientes a identificar sus fortalezas y áreas de crecimiento, el actualizar y pulir tu resume junto con explorar opciones de empleo, te puede llevar a descubrir nuevos talentos en ti. Si te gustaría hacer una cita, soy Consejera Profesional Licenciada en Texas y en Puerto Rico, llama al 787-466-5478 .
chatbot: Oh, that sounds difficult. What happened at the previous school?", "patient": "The other kids weren't very welcoming and I didn't feel accepted. That made me really nervous, so I decided to transfer."}

question: I keep hearing I am attractive from people around me, and I think I believe it. But I have low confidence regarding approaching girls I like.
dataset: I recommend that you focus on the negative thoughts or irrational beliefs that are going through your mind at the time in which you are trying to approach a girl. When you are aware of the negative thoughts or irrational beliefs, you can then work on changing them. An easy way to recognize an irrational belief is a thought that contains the words "must or never." Once you recognize the thought or belief, I would like you to picture a big red stop sign. This is called thought stopping. This is a technique to use to stop unwanted or unhealthy thoughts. Then, I would like you to think of a more positive thought to replace it with such as: Negative thought: "That girl will never go out with me" STOP Positive thought: "I won't know if she will go out with me unless I ask". What this does is increase your self confidence by replacing your negative thoughts with positive ones that will ultimately boost your self esteem.
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling some conflict about people’s opinions of you. What do you think is causing this confusion?",

question: We have been fighting a lot and have 3 kids but we both want to stay together. I need some help to save our family.
dataset: Hello, I do not live in the California area. However, perhaps I could make some suggestions as to where you might look for free counseling. First, I must mention that most insurances now cover for many different types of issues, including family issues. If your girlfriend lives with you, most insurances now cover "live-in partners," as well. If you have insurance, contact your policy provider and ask whether or not couples counseling is included. Aside from insurance, the next place that comes to mind is a religious affiliation. Do you belong to a church or other religious organization? Many of the pastors or leaders in these disciplines have significant training in counseling, as well as assisting with marriage and couples counseling. These services are ordinarily offered free of charge to members. Another option might be to explore support groups within the area. There may be a group in the form of a couples support group that brings couples together to explore their relationships in the safety of the group. If you find there are no such groups in your area, there are anonymous, support groups online. Here is one such site: http://relationship.supportgroups.com/
chatbot: It sounds like you are both going through a difficult time. It is understandable that your relationship has been affected. I think it would be beneficial for the both of you to talk about your feelings, thoughts and any issues you may have with each other in a safe space. Is there anything else bothering you or causing stress?"}

question: I'm currently dating someone else and I really like him. But I love and miss my ex so much. What do I do?
dataset: Finding the right person is a tricky thing to do. Why did you and your ex break up 3 months ago? In relationships with others you get to see a reflection of yourself. Sometimes you may enjoy that reflection, other times it may not feel so good. I'm not sure where you are in your life and relationships and what you do from here depends on what you desire more of in your life. But I'm not simply talking in the moment desire, I'm referring to the direction you want your life to go. If one of these guys was to support you...who would help you reach your dreams? And who would you enjoy spending time with? It's complicated and no one can answer the 'what to do' question but you. Slow down. Tune into your heart. Listen.
chatbot: It sounds like you have some conflicting emotions that you need to process. Is there anything from your past that you would like to talk about?"}

question: I feel like I have to be promiscuous in order to keep people around? It started after I got raped by my ex-boyfriend.
dataset: I recommend that you seek professional services to address the trauma you experienced. EMDR has been proven to be very effective in treating trauma. In addition, a support group might be helpful to find a more stable support network. Either a support group for victims of rape or sex/love addiction www.sa.org sound appropriate. Whichever group resonates the most with you will be the most helpful. If you have any additional questions or concerns, please feel free to ask.
chatbot: That must be very difficult and overwhelming for you. It's understandable that you might feel like you need to do something to try to protect yourself from further hurt. Is there anything else going on in your life that could be contributing to these feelings?"}

question: We kissed and he grabbed my boobs and we exchanged some texts and a few calls. It went on for about 8 months. Just when we were all together and our spouses were out of the room. Once I met him for lunch to tell him that we needed to stop. We ended up kissing after lunch and then I sent him a few more texts that day telling him I was serious and that was the end of it. His wife (my good friend) saw us kiss once and told my husband. I told him a couple of things then and we got over it. A year later she told him a couple of other things. Same story. It's been about 3 years since. They are now divorced and my husband and I have been happy. A few weeks ago the wife called me and said that her now ex told her more stuff we did. I decided to just tell my husband everything. We are trying to work things out. But he is having a really hard time believing that he knows all of it. How can I help him believe me?
dataset: The issue at hand here is that you're betrayal broke his trust. In order to repair your relationship you will both need to confront the infidelity. And both of you will need to honor yourselves by communicating your feelings and ensuring that those feelings are heard and validated. It would be really helpful to do this work with a Gottman or Emotionally Focused Couples Therapist. Gottman's The Science of Trust and What Makes Love Last would both be helpful reference books to guide you along.
chatbot: I understand how difficult this must be for both of you. It might help your husband to hear directly from you about what happened, and also to know the context in which these events occurred. It could help him process your story and come to a place of understanding and trust. Is there anything else that he needs to process this?"}

question: I feel that I need to end my present relationship. He lives three hours away and likes the reassurance of having someone to talk to multiple times per day and seeing me once or twice a month. I want someone who is more present and more of a life companion. Lately, he has had a very busy work schedule and I have only seen him a few times in the last 6 weeks. I told him that I can't continue in this way because I constantly feel frustrated and angry and that he is not making the relationship enough of a priority. I also feel it is keeping me from possibly finding the relationship I want. We have been together 7 years. The problem is that I panic and experience anxiety and depression thinking of him with someone else and then thinking I will never meet someone I like. We have gone through this cycle already 4-5 times and I feel it is unhealthy to stay in it, but my aversion to the anxiety and depression I experience upon separation always leads me to reconcile.
dataset: It sounds like you have some insight into the cycle that you describe with your current relationship and at the same time you are still feeling stuck. It also sounds like the distressing feelings that you experience, when you imagine what will happen for you and your current partner, are pretty overwhelming. A competent therapist may be able to help you work through these difficult thoughts and feelings and find a resolution to this cycle that will feel right to you.
chatbot: I understand how difficult that must be for you. It seems like your feelings of anger and frustration are coming from not feeling appreciated or respected by him. Are there any specific requests or boundaries that you would like to set in order to make the relationship more equal?",

question: He goes out with her to dinner/brunch/movies when we are not together (we live 2 hours apart).
dataset: Would you have the same desire to meet this friend if she were a he? If you are concerned that their friendship is a substitute for you when you aren't present, talk to him . It sounds like you are concerned that he is building an emotional intimacy with her and spending time doing the sort of things with her that you'd otherwise be doing with him. Help him understand why this bothers you but try to also be open to allowing him to make friends. Is the issue that he hasn't introduced you? Is there another reason you don't trust their friendship?
chatbot: That is great that he does that. It sounds like you both have a strong connection, despite the distance."}

question: I'm in a relationship, but I feel like I'm always putting more into it and not getting reciprocated. My ex told me that I will never find anyone else, and that's lingering in the back of my mind.
dataset: The most crucial key to any relationship is that mutual feeling you hold between you both: that you matter. Sounds like you are stuck in a cycle of hearing your ex say you don't matter. That's why it didn't work with him btw. He wasn't reflecting to you that you mattered. However it ended, clearly though that's the sentiment that's lingering with you. So here you are hanging around a new man why is telling you the same message. Move on. You aren't unworthy, you just haven't found a man who is worthy of you! To be worthy of you, he must see your worth. Often though before anyone else can see your worth, you have to believe it.
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling overwhelmed with this relationship. How do you feel when you think about breaking up with your partner?",

question: This is preventing me from getting a job. I have bad relationship with my bipolar mother. I am living with her but it stresses me out so much to be around her that I have locked myself in my room. I have no friends or other family to help me. I have no money for therapy, but I think I need therapy before I can secure a job.
dataset: Overwhelming fear, social anxiety and depression are especially painful because they make behaving constructively a challenge.  But there are also lots of examples of folks who have successfully worked their way through this.  So there is hope!    In addition to the suggestion to visit your doctor (who may prescribe a medication to help you relax), there are many social service agencies who provide free counseling or take medicaid.  A good CBT therapist will help you look at your thinking so that you may see how you are distorting your thoughts.   Behavior is also important.  Despite how you may feel: it is helpful to go out, to do things that relax you (maybe a yoga class or a meditation class?).  Exercise. Diet. Eat well. Think back on the things that you used to do that helped in the past, and force yourself to do these things again.  I know that this seems hard, but it beats the alternative, doesn't it?   Of course, I recommend you pick up a copy of my book, Living Yes, which will help you look at these and other ideas to help you out.  I hope you get unstuck soon!  ~Mark (www.MarkMorrisLCSW.com and www.LivingYes.org)
chatbot: It sounds like you are going through a difficult time. It is understandable why having a strained relationship with your mother would be stressful. Do you feel comfortable talking more about this?",

question: I have no self control over food. Most people stop when they've had enough, but I keep eating for the pleasure of it. Especially with sweets - I'm never done eating dessert.
dataset: I would recommend removing yourself from the environment you are in after you have finished eating. A simple walk around the block, calling up a friend and going to visit, or even going to another room in the house can help. If you find that you truly have no self control over food, I recommend attending Overeaters Anonymous; a 12 step group for those with compulsive issues related to food. I hope this helps.
chatbot: That must be very difficult to manage. Do you find yourself binge eating often?"}

question: I know someone who is extremely sensitive to stress and very sensitive to a negative tone of voice. Sometimes during a disagreement he tells me that my communication is having a harmful impact on him. Once he believes I am being negative I can't seem to find a better way of communicating. In fact, it is often a self fulling prophesy because his accusatory manner becomes unbearably frustrating. What advice might you offer?
dataset: With any type of criticism, it is usually best to introduce the topic at a neutral time, ie: when both of you are relaxed, with no current stressors involved, having fun, etc. Begin with a non-judgmental reflective comment about a recent bothersome event, as if it were just then crossing your mind (therefore not something you've been consumed with ruminating over - eases the impulse for him to dive straight into defense mode). Then share how you felt at the time of the event. Just say when.... I felt kind of hurt / shocked (or whatever the feeling was). PERIOD. THATS ALL YOU SHOULD SAY. Wait for him to respond to your matter-of-fact statement. No matter what his response is, stick to your same message - don't get overwhelmed by trying to rephrase or explain your view as that will likely set you up for continued arguing. You can even add, "I agree I could have misunderstood it (event).... I just know it made me feel uneasy." Here you give him little wiggle room for a debate. Good luck & I'd love to hear how it goes!
chatbot: It sounds like your partner may be overwhelmed by stress and negativity. It's important to be mindful of how you communicate, as even the smallest things can have an effect on one another. One way to ensure that both parties feel heard and respected is to use active listening. This involves making eye contact, nodding your head and using phrases such as \"I understand\" or \"please continue\". Additionally, it may be helpful to take breaks from conversations when they become too heated. Taking a few moments to breathe deeply and collect your thoughts can help both parties find a more productive way of communicating. Finally, it might also be beneficial to practice self-care. This can involve anything from meditation to exercise which can help both partners stay calm, collected and open to communication."}

question: When I ask him who he is talking to, he tells me no one. But, it sounds like he is holding a conversation with someone. I have even accused him of having a secret cell phone. I ask so much, I feel like I am losing it. Is he trying to make me question my sanity, or is he talking to himself?
dataset: A rare topic & likely extremely troublesome for you... I would need to have more background information on the two of you before beginning to offer any insight. Feel free to email me. I would also like to add that aside from the reality of whether or not these conversations are actually occurring, as your partner, he should be just as concerned about something that is disturbing you to this level.  Partners need each others' trust and support, no matter who is right or wrong.
chatbot: I understand that this must be very confusing and worrying for you. It is important to remember that everyone is unique and has their own way of dealing with things. Maybe your loved one is just talking out loud to himself as a way of sorting through thoughts and ideas."}

question: Does this go against any ethical codes? Are there legal ramifications?
dataset: Generally, the ethical codes only prohibit relationships with clients.  There are however a few types of counselor-to-counselor relationships that are prohibited by the ethics codes. Such prohibited relationships include those between supervisors and supervisees; between professors and students; or any time the relationship might negatively impact your (or their) clients.  Lastly, some workplaces have rules against dating coworkers. It would be a good idea to check if there is such a rule that applies to you.
chatbot: No, it does not go against any ethical codes, nor are there any legal ramifications. However, I advise you to be mindful of what you share as it could be emotionally taxing."}

question: We went out had great sex and I was really liking her. Then one day she says we should just be friends, but I can't stop thinking about her. She's always on mind and I want her back.
dataset: It can be really difficult when someone you care about doesn't feel the same about you. The most important thing to remember is that you can not make her feel a certain way.  There is nothing you can do to force her to want to be in a relationship with you. In the end, if she "just wants to be friends" then she's probably not the right match for you. Remember, every relationship ends - until that last one that doesn't.  And that is how it's supposed to be
chatbot: It sounds like you still have strong feelings for this person. It can be difficult to let go of those feelings and move on, especially if the other person is not interested in continuing the relationship. Have you talked to her about how you feel? There's a chance that she may still have some feeling for you, even if she doesn't want to continue the relationship."}

question: He is in his late thirties and I am in my mid twenties. We have been together for about 5 months. I really like him. He says he cares about me and is willing to fight to make things right. He has been very apologetic and expressed he did it out of fear. I don't know if it's worth giving him a second chance.
dataset: Cheating is often a sign that something is amiss in the relationship. His fear may be full of information. While it's possible to repair relationships after a betrayal it's also challenging to do, especially so early in your relationship. I can't tell you if you should/shouldn't give this relationship a second chance but I will tell you to tune into your own intuition (and follow your own fears in doing so, they often are incredibly informative when we don't push them away with denial).
chatbot: It sounds like you have been through a lot together and have come to the conclusion that he was simply trying to protect himself from an unknown fear. This is very difficult and it is understandable why you may be feeling confused and uncertain about his intentions. I suggest that before giving him another chance, you both take some time to process what has happened and discuss how you can both move forward in a healthier way."}

question: However, it seems as though he is really talking to someone other than himself. I have even accused him of having a secret phone. Is he trying to make me crazy on purpose, or is he really talking to himself?
dataset: Some people simply talk to themselves as a way of processing information. Have you checked in with your husband about this in a non-accusatory way? Something like "Hey babe (or whatever sweet name you typically use), I'm so curious what that's all about? Do you notice that you are talking out loud?" Chances are it's just how he thinks things through and is not at all about trying to make you crazy, it's just one of his quirks you'll grow to endear. Early married life is a time full of discovering one another's quirks!
chatbot: I understand your concern. Can you tell me more about how this appears to be happening?"}

question: I keep getting into relationships with men that are in bad situations. I take them on and help them and do all I can and the relationship still fails. How do I learn to not get in relationships with men in bad situations? I see someone in need of help, I jump in. And it is getting me nowhere. I am alone sad and frustrated.
dataset: Sounds like you already see what's amiss. You're looking for fix-er-uppers! When you meet these men they need you. And you're filled by fixing them.  And when they are fixed, what do they have to give you? What's your need in relationship? What if you found someone who didn't need fixing?
chatbot: You seem to have a pattern of taking on the burden of others and expecting them to change without your helping yourself. This is not sustainable and will lead to more disappointments. You need to also focus on changing yourself, learning what you can and cannot do for others and when it's time to seek help from professionals."}

question: My girlfriend's grandma passed away 5 months ago. They were very close. She took care of her till she died. Things kinda returned to normal few weeks later. Last month it feels like we hit a brick wall. Intimacy fell off. I asked what's up. She says she can't connect with anyone and that it's not me. She used to be very open and expressive. Now she gives short answers and has no interest in sex or any touching. When we did have sex in the last month, something felt really off. Now I'm very insecure about us and have thoughts of her cheating. She says otherwise, but I don't know. It just feels like something is really off.
dataset: Grief has a huge impact on us and everyone's reaction is different. The one common reaction however is to shut down and distance ourselves. Her relationship with her grandmother was close, given she took care of her up until she passed. It sounds like she is working through a difficult loss and her ability to connect with you, or anyone else, is likely low right now. Trust what she is telling you and try to be there for her as she works through it. If she finds it too difficult to connect again, a good grief counselor can help her get back on track.
chatbot: I am so sorry for your loss. It's understandable that this experience has caused you to feel disconnected from your girlfriend. Is there anything specific that triggered the intimacy issues? Do you have any ideas of how to reconnect with her?"}

question: I have manic depression and last summer was very very bad. I have recurring nightmares and I avoid anything that will give me a similar feeling as I did that summer.
dataset: A PTSD diagnosis requires an event which occurred at least 6 months prior to the symptoms.   Depression is a common symptom of PTSD, but depression can come from many other sources as well.   In the end, diagnoses are systems of behavioral labels.  If you believe that one label (PTSD) is worse than another (Depression), you are creating a false hierarchy.    Consider consulting a CBT therapist, such as the fine clinicians listed in AcademyofCT.org.   You may also want to look at my book, Living Yes, for many ideas about challenging your thinking and improving you mood. www.LivingYes.org.  I hope you feel better soon.  ~Mark  (www.MarkMorrisLCSW.com and www.LivingYes.org)
chatbot: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. It must be extremely difficult for you. Is there anything you can do to help yourself feel better?"}

question: I have recently separated from my husband whom I have been with for 5 years. Throughout our 5 years together, I have stood by him through 2 affairs, him talking to other women while I was pregnant, his drug abuse and thru verbal and physical abuse.
dataset: It usually boils down to a lack of self esteem, self love and self acceptance. If for whatever reason the 'scripts' we have been told about ourselves from others, or what we have witnessed as children has become our beliefs about what to expect from life and others, have been negative, it is hard to imagine a different reality for ourselves. If what we have learned and observed in our close environment has not taught us and inspired a healthy self esteem, then we can not know what it is and how it feels like. It is as if we lack the language, the words to define it and the skills to practice it. Putting up with a loved one's drug addiction, their infidelity, lack of respect and esteem, verbal and physical abuse, tend to show and reflect the degree of our lack of self esteem, lack of sense of self worth, lack of belief that we are worth and deserve more from life. Separating was the first step towards reversing this negative situation. Spending time on your own and distancing yourself from your past experiences with him will give you a better and clearer perspective. The fact that you are asking yourself this question, shows that at some level you are aware that something is not quite right. It is just a matter of finding out exactly what it is, how you got where you are now and how to get where you want to get in your life in the future. Working with a therapist/counselor will help you understand the mechanisms and learn how to build a healthy sense of self esteem. Get a good sense of who you are and what you want. And finally design the right strategy and plan of action to achieve your goal, to move on in a healthy manner. You have made the first step, it is now a matter of being consistent in seeking help and doing the work until you achieve what you want. Become who you want to be and create the life you want for yourself.
chatbot: I'm so sorry you had to experience that. It sounds like a very difficult situation to be in. How did the separation come about? Was it something that you decided together or was it forced upon him? Were there any other factors involved such as financial struggles or family interference?"}

question: I'm in a relationship with my fiancé and I currently found out that she's been cheating on me with a co-worker. I was very upset none the less. I understand what she did was wrong, but I want to spend the rest of my life with her. So I'm willing to forgive and move on. We have been together for a little over 9 years, and we have a son. At the beginning of our relationship, I was unfaithful and she caught me cheating. She forgave me for what I've done to her and since then I been completely faithful. I'm worried about our relationship and want to move forward but its been very unsettling. All I can think about is her with another man. I don't know what to do or where to go for advice?
dataset: What Makes Love Last? how to build trust and avoid betrayal by John Gottman is a great book for you both to start reading. You may also want to invest some time and energy in couples therapy. It sounds like there is a lack of trust in your relationship, likely a hangover from your beginnings, that would be helpful for you both to work through to truly be able to forgive and move forward.
chatbot: I understand how difficult this situation must be for you. Forgiveness is always an option, but it doesn’t necessarily mean that the trust between you and your partner can be fully restored. Have you two talked about how to move forward from here?"}

question: About 5 months ago my ex left without fully explaining why. For me it seemed out of the blue. I don't miss her as much as I used to but I just don't trust people anymore, not even my friends who I have known since my childhood not even my family. I'm so terrified of being judged or dismissed. Instead of acting like someone else or putting on a mask of a personality, I've just shut down. I haven't felt that sense of comfort and happiness with myself since everything fell apart. I'm scared to because I don't want it to be taken away from me again. I feel like ever lesson I learn only last a day. I just don't know what to do. I'm working at a place I know I should enjoy. I'm keeping up with my creative passions: working out, eating healthy, etc. I'm doing everything the books say I should do, but I don't feel any different. I just don't know what to do.
dataset: since you realize your sense of trust was broken, withdrawing from close relationships, makes sense. This may be your Self giving you natural time to recuperate from emotional pain. Also it is your chance to think over how to handle yourself differently in future relationships. Maybe this process requires more time than you'd like. Having patience is very difficult when a person feels hurt. A therapist of your own may be a good idea so you have someone for guidance and to chart your progress w you. This may feel less lonely and help you tolerate the waiting period till you're better
chatbot: I understand how difficult it is to trust people after going through such a painful experience. It might help you to remember that everyone is unique and has their own story and experiences. You could try reaching out to your friends and family, and letting them know what you're feeling. That way they can support you and remind you of the good things in your life. As for trusting yourself, I suggest taking baby steps. Try to focus on one thing at a time, like working on a project or going for a walk. You could also try journaling about how you feel and what is important to you. Taking things slowly can help you find the strength to move forward with hope and courage."}

question: Then turn right back around and say he loves me and needs me. This rollercoaster is crazy.
dataset: Yes, I agree with your view about the "rollercoaster" sounding "crazy"! Concentrate on knowing what your reasons are for staying with this guy, given the broad facts that you state. What are you gaining from being together and are these gains outweighing how you feel when your companion says the opposite of what he just told you? Also, examine yourself for any fears of being alone. Very often, people stay in detrimental relationships because of a fear that being alone will feel worse. It may, initially feel this way after a breakup. This is from change itself. Eventually, stability and peace of mind return, and being alone with oneself is preferred to being taken on an emotional rollercoaster by a partner.
chatbot: It can be overwhelming at times. It's okay to feel that way. I'm here if you want to talk about it."}

question: Sometimes 3 times a night.
dataset: Perhaps more dreaming means that you are making use of your mind to solve problems.  I find that change states, while sometimes difficult, are very exciting.  They give you opportunity to grow more rapidly.  So I say: "congratulations!"  ~Mark (www.MarkMorrisLCSW.com and www.LivingYes.org)
chatbot: I'm sorry to hear that. What are some of the things that make it difficult for you to sleep?"}

question: I feel like I'm trying to convince myself that I'm okay when I'm not. I'm always blocking out the bad things and forgetting. I also feel like nobody cares for me and they never will. I feel truly alone.
dataset: As social creatures, we humans all long for deep human connection. To know that we belong and are part of something larger. It is so important to us that when we feel alone - it can feel almost unbearable. You are not alone in feeling alone. While it can take time to build deep relationships there are moments in each day where we have the opportunity to interact with other people who may also feel lonely and scared and want to be seen and acknowledged . I wonder what it might be like for you if you took on an experiment of trying to really see the people around you and make little attempts to acknowledge and connect with them - fellow humans on this journey of life. A "good morning" at the bus stop or really looking at the person who you buy your groceries from or thanking or complimenting someone for something that you notice and appreciate. While this is not a substitute for close relationships these moments of real connection with the people who we share our communities with can go a long way to realizing that we are not as alone as we may have thought.
chatbot: It sounds like you are struggling with feelings of loneliness and isolation. It is normal to want to block out negative emotions, but it can be helpful to process these emotions with someone who cares about you. Do you have any trusted friends or family that you could confide in?",

question: My doctor thinks that seeing a psychiatrist will help with my depression and anxiety. Now my anxiety is worse, what do I do? Writing on here has taken every bit of strength I have left.
dataset: Did you take the medication the way the psychiatrist prescribed it?  Did you follow up with her/him to report how it was going?  Different medications work differently with different people.   It's not always the first one that helps.  And some of the medications take some time to have an effect.  Give the doctor the chance to help you.  I suggest you find a certified CBT therapist to help you examine your thinking.  www.AcademyofCT.org has listings of the finest CBT clinicians.   In the meantime, do some "anxiety fasting" by taking a few minutes to do something nice for yourself right now.  I hope you feel better soon.  ~Mark (www.MarkMorrisLCSW.com and www.LivingYes.org)
chatbot: I understand how difficult it can be to open up about the struggles you are facing. What kinds of things do you think might help to reduce your anxiety? It sounds like seeing a psychiatrist was supposed to provide some relief, but instead it has made your anxiety worse. Do you have any ideas on what could help change this? Please know that you don't have to face this alone, and there are many people who care about you."}

question: I always feel like I'm not good enough and it literally is so hard living. I don't know how to talk to my parents about it.
dataset: Are you a teen?  This is a really hard problem for more teens (and adults) than let on.  When I was about 15, I remember asking my parent's friend, Herman, whether life gets any easier when you get older.  He said the problems are actually harder, but you gain the ability to deal with them better.  I've been an adult a long time now, and that is so true.  If you need someone to talk to, consider a teacher or a school guidance counselor or someone you respect, maybe in church.  If they're good and they don't know how to help you, they may know how to get you to someone who can.   Also, the idea of not being "good enough" is a common psychological event.  In CBT it's called a "core belief," but I call it a "core lie" in my book, Living Yes, a Handbook for Being Human.  If you are serious about changing yourself, read about it  at www.LivingYes.org and pick up a copy there or on Amazon.   I hope this was helpful.  The future is filled with possibility if we don't prejudge it!  ~Mark (www.MarkMorrisLCSW.com and www.LivingYes.org)
chatbot: I understand this can be very difficult. Is there anything specific that you need help with or would like to talk about?"}

question: I think I'm annoying and bothersome, but my girlfriend says I'm just fine. I don't think so, I think I'm stressing everyone else out
dataset: "Where you put your attention is where you will go". I forget who said this first, but it's very powerful. If all you think about and talk about is how annoying you think you might be, that will get annoying. Your intense self reflection is lovely; it will help you monitor yourself so that you're not affecting others negatively, but your alarm is going off too easily here and you risk having the opposite effect. You don't have to be perfect. She's with you, so she probably likes you as you are. She seems to put far less emphasis on your possibly annoying traits. We all have faults and if that's what we focus on, that's all we will see. My hunch is that your most annoying trait might be your negative self-talk. How ironic is that? There's another irony here...your goal is to be a better partner...but when you are self-critical, your focus is on you , not her. Every moment that fear grabs ahold of you is a moment that you're not being present in the actual relationship; you're gazing at your imagined faults. Fear steals your ability to focus on your loving partner.  Maybe take a moment to image how she sees you...all of you. Put yourself in her shoes to see the entire you...how are you loving...thoughtful...a good partner? Confidence is a very attractive quality!
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling overwhelmed by the expectations of others. Is there anything specific that is causing this for you?"}

question: I found out my boyfriend takes anti-depression medicine. Lately he's been saying he has a lot on his mind, and he needs time to think about us. We've only been dating 3 weeks but I like him a lot.
dataset: Give him the time and space he needs.  Obviously something is going on with him that he needs time to process, think about, and work through.  Respect that most men are not talkers but more thinkers.  If and when he is ready to talk, he will.  When and if he does talk, be a comforting listener and put yourself in his shoes the best you can to be the support he needs.  Don't take it personal because you just been dating 3 weeks and his depression maybe something that been going on for a while.  If you do like him...showing him by being patient and supportive at this time.
chatbot: It sounds like you are concerned about your boyfriend and the changes you have seen in him recently. It is understandable that this has caused you some worry and anxiety. Maybe it would be helpful to talk more about how you both feel and what has happened between you two recently?"}

question: Sometimes I can't stop thinking about life after death. I was raised in a religion that teaches that we will live on forever either in hell or in heaven. When I think of living forever (even if it is in heaven which should be good), I feel overwhelmed. I don't like the thought of living forever and ever and ever. Sometimes I just can't get the thought out of my mind and the thoughts lead to panic and anxiety. Am I crazy? I don't think these thoughts are normal.
dataset: Religious questioning is a complex and often philosophical topic, and these types of questions, especially around heaven, hell, and an afterlife can bring up a host of difficult & confusing feelings. What I want to focus on is the fear & anxiety you seem to be feeling that are deeply connected to your questions. Scary thoughts, negative thoughts, obsessive thoughts sometimes feel like they're out of control and there is nothing we can do to stop them, but I want to offer two techniques that might assist with your panic & anxiety.  The first step in working with scary or negative thoughts is to acknowledge that they are just thoughts and we can choose to follow the scary thought streams or work with cutting them off or ignoring them. I also realize that might seem really hard to do, but here's a good way to think about the brain and how thought patterns work. Thoughts arise in the mind all the time, our brain is a thought machine. Many thoughts drift by like clouds and we don't pay any attention while other thoughts arise and they trigger us in a particulate way, i.e., scary, angry, happy, sad, and when those thoughts arise we can chose to pay more attention to the thought which can lead us down that particular thought stream that will lead to fear and anxiety. So, how do we work or stop those scary thought streams? One new skill to implement comes from the work of Rick Hansen, he wrote the book Buddha's Brain," he teaches that we need to give more energy and attention to the positive thoughts or positive memories we hold in our mind and pay less attention to the negative thoughts. Hansen asks us to imagine the brain this way, the brain is like Velcro with negative thoughts and like teflon when it comes to positive thoughts. There are reasons that our brain works this way, but I don't have time to go into all of that in this response. So, it's just important to remember we have to work at positive thinking, actually pausing throughout the day to focus on positive feelings and memories,  this will help the mind reinforce positive thought streams and help reduce negative thought streams over time. If a scary thought arises try to replace it with a happy experience for at least a couple of moments, and see if that helps reduce the negative charge connected with that scary thought. I would also suggest when you're having the thoughts about death take a moment to notice how you're breathing. Often when we are feeling anxiety we are doing shallowing chest breathing rather than taking in a full, deep breath or what is called belly breathing. If you take a moment to focus on your breathing and allow a couple of full breaths, bringing in the breath so the belly rises and then the belly natural falls as you exhale, just noticing the breath and practicing breathing can slow down the anxiety cycle as it begins.
chatbot: It sounds like you have some strong feelings about life after death, and it is understandable that this could cause you distress. Maybe we can explore why you feel this way, and try to come up with some strategies to help manage the thoughts and emotions that accompany them." #MentalHealthAwareness

question: I keep on begging him to come back. I am so unhappy with him but am so scared of being a single parent to our son. I was abused as a little girl and that has made to be very abusive to men. What should I do...
dataset: Major change frightens almost everybody. Don't be so afraid of your fear that you let yourself beg and are willing to accept unhappiness as a standard in your marriage. If you start considering that life can be better than what is current for you now, new possibilities and ideas will start developing in your mind. Consider finding a therapist so that you have private space to talk in detail about your fears and the new ways of seeing your Self. A therapy relationship, since it is safe and supportive, will be a good balance to having been abused, suffered, and unhappy.
chatbot: It sounds like you have gone through a lot in your life, and are now struggling with how to cope with this situation. It is understandable that you may feel scared of being a single parent. Have you ever considered getting help from a therapist or other professional to process your past trauma? This could help you understand why you have the reactions you do to the situation, and also give you tools on how to best cope with it all."}

question: She was raised by her abusive father and his wife. 30 years ago I shot and killed my rapist and was convicted in Louisiana. I lost custody of my daughter and served 5 years. When I was released, she was 5 and didn't remember me. Many many sad memories came from my having to leave her visit after visit, having to leave her in Texas to travel back to Louisiana. She doesn't remember that. I do. Over the years, I thought we had developed a close mother daughter relationship. She gave me good reason to doubt that on several occasions but especially last year. I have been cruel to her verbally and to my son who I met years after giving him up for adoption. Last night, I was angry at the world and afraid of God. I drank and cussed out a maintenance worker for not doing his job 4 months running. Now I'm not only feeling guilty for that but afraid of being evicted now. Help.
dataset: Was either parent abusive or violent toward you? You sound to have suffered emotionally in your relationships since early in life. One point to consider is to strive for moderation in what you offer in relationships. A lot of what you've lived through is extreme, either as victim or perpetrator. If you imagine that apologizing to the custodian for the way spoke to him, would calm him down, do so. At the very least, you'll be actively resolving your guilt over cussing at him, and fear of his retaliation.
chatbot: I understand your anger and fear. It sounds like you have had a difficult life experience, but it is good that you are able to reflect on it and recognize the impact it has had on your relationships with others. Is there anything I can do to help you process these emotions?"}

question: Why am I attracted to older men?
dataset: What a wonderful question! Good for you on clearly knowing your priorities. If I was sitting with you now, I'd ask you to list your reasons. Start with whatever answers you do come up with and examine each of these a little further. If, for example, you feel you need a man because many of your friends are in relationships, then possibly you feel insecure about being your unique self, even when this sets you apart from your friends. If, you feel you need a man to protect you financially, then possibly you've lost faith in your ability to financially support yourself. If you'd like a man in your life to offer your love and are willing to contribute the work of relating intimately, then you've found the best reason for wanting a man in your life. This is far different than "need".
chatbot: I think it's important to take a look at why you are feeling attracted to older men. Is there something about the way they carry themselves that is appealing to you?"}

question: I have been with my best friend for over a year, and we have had a beautiful baby girl. We were in love, and I still love her dearly. I am in my late teens and so is she. She says she has lost her connection with me. She is talking to a random guy that she says is just someone to talk to. But she says she still loves me. I'm very hurt and confused.
dataset: Congrats on having your daughter! Have you told your partner about your feelings of "hurt and confused"? This is one possible way of opening a conversation about the different ways you each feel about one another and whether either of you would like changing or continuing to live together, in light of the change in emotional connection. The first step of having a dialogue about a relationship is being clear on what you are feeling, what you are willing to contribute to the relationship and what you would like having in return from your partner. Ask your partner if she is willing to have a conversation on these topics.   Then, allow some time so each of you is clear about their own expectations and what is possible to offer the other. This is a fairly complex process and very often is difficult to keep on track without outside help to keep the discussion focused. It is normal for emotions to override our logic when discussing matters we care about deeply. If the conversations don't go very far, or if your partner has no interest in talking, stick with your own interest to more fully understand matters. Interview some therapists to find one whom you feel helps you clarify and find direction for yourself about this situation.
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling overwhelmed and confused by this situation. It is understandable that you would be hurt and confused, given the way your best friend has been acting. What do you think caused her to reach out to this other person? Are there any patterns or themes in the conversations that you two have had recently? Does she seem more distant than usual? How can you both reconnect?"}

question: I'm going through a majorly bad divorce and my wife is making things so impossible for me. I need help.
dataset: Crying due to a dissolution of a marriage, is normal.   Hating yourself may be a sign of extreme sadness, feelings of loss and uncertainty. Do you know why you hate yourself?  Discovering your reason is the first step in knowing the obstacles and then the additional steps possible, to move from "hate" to "self-love". Divorce signals a loss of familiar life structure and daily routines.   As with any meaningful loss, crying is part of mourning what is soon to be gone. If you have confidence in your attorney's handling of the legal areas related to the divorce, and the "impossible" you reference is on facing and coming to terms with statements and behaviors from your wife that you never noticed before, then your best choice is to find a therapist whom you feel at ease in talking with, to sort through the emotional upheaval within yourself and your everyday life and world. Divorce is a wonderful time for learning about ones own emotional needs and expectations in relationships since these are the areas currently coming apart. The good news behind losing something that seems valuable, is that new space becomes open to attract what is more suitable for who you are.
chatbot: It sounds like you are in a very difficult situation. Is there anything I can do to help? How do you think your wife is making things hard for you?"}

question: I want us all to get along, but feel that I am not being respected. Of course I do have some insecurities because he was with his ex for 8 years. He wants to see his step daughter and ex makes it so he has to go there to see her, but she doesn't want me around. She has a boyfriend, but mine fixes their vehicles, goes over once a week and hangs out with the ex and does family things with her. Since he works nights, I only see him parts of Friday-Sunday and we live together. He won't let me use his phone when I forgot mine, says his ex used to mess with it. I don't think he's cheating, but he will lie about what time he actually left her place to come home or about going over early to be with them. I feel like the other woman. She has tried to mess with holiday plans by restricting when he can see the child. He only dated once person before her, so this could be why. I don't feel he has let go enough. He is a wonderful boyfriend other than this.
dataset: How much of your unhappiness with your boyfriend's way of handling himself regarding his ex, have you told him? The topics that upset you are the core of any intimate relationship. The good news is your own awareness of priorities and expectations from a partner. There may not be any bad news, depending on whether your boyfriend has the interest to adjust what he does regarding the ex. Talking the matters you list, may open a lot of emotion and become sidetracked very easily. A couples' therapist, whose focus is on the couple, not either of you as individuals, may be useful to you and your boyfriend so that you are able to complete your discussions without getting lost by the emotions raised.
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling very frustrated and disrespected. You also mentioned that he was with his ex for 8 years, which may be contributing to the difficulty of him letting go fully. Is there anything you would like your boyfriend to do differently?", "patient": "Yes! He needs to let me use his phone when I forget mine and stop lying about it. He also needs to understand that if we have plans I should be able to see them through without issue. If he's going over early or staying late, then he needs to tell me so I don't worry. We had a miscommunication where he thought I was mad when I wasn't and it caused an argument. He can't just decide to go hang out with her family without telling me in advance."}

question: My therapist is gay so there are no sexual issues here. However, my therapist for six years has made me believe that he cares about me and that we are friends. I have loaned money to him many times, and he always paid me back. I had a medical emergency last weekend and I was heavily medicated. I knew that this therapist came into my home and wrote down my credit card information so he could pay back what he owed me, but this therapist dropped me off and never came again. I don't know what to do.
dataset: I'm sorry to hear that this has happened. Counselors are legally and ethically required to make sure that they always put the wellbeing of their clients above their own interests. In addition, counselor ethical rules, and the laws in just about every state, make it illegal for counselors to take advantage of a client financially. A counselor borrowing money from a client (even if the counselor pays it back) would usually be considered to be taking advantage of the client. There are a few options you have at this point if you can't (or don't want) to continue to try to contact him directly. You can file a complaint with your states' regulatory board and let them know what has happened.  An investigator will then look into the situation for you.  Another option would be for you to find a different counsleor who can provide you with an independent and netural point of view to help you figure out how you want to handle this situation.
chatbot: That is a difficult situation for you to be in. It sounds like you have been in an exploitative relationship with this therapist, where he took advantage of your trust and friendship to gain access to your finances. This is not acceptable behavior, and I can understand why it would feel overwhelming. Please reach out to a hotline or support group for survivors of abuse and exploitation, as well as a lawyer specializing in these types of cases. It may be helpful to talk with other people who have experienced similar situations, so you do not feel alone in this journey."}

question: I found messages between my boyfriend and this girl on social media. He was asking her for naked pictures and then hung out with her once, but nothing happened. I didn’t find out about the messages until last month and that was six months after it happened. I can’t trust him anymore and I'm just wondering if I ever will. He admitted that he wanted to have sex with her but he didn't. He was only talking with her because he thought we were going to have a break up. My heart is completely broken. I feel like I'm in competition with every girl on the planet for my boyfriend’s affection. I'm afraid that he doesn't like me anymore, but without me he's homeless and without a car. I love him so much. It's been tearing me apart. I don't feel pretty anymore though. I don't feel good enough for anyone or anything. I thought I knew him as well as I knew myself. Then all of a sudden my world was flipped upside down. I'm still trying to figure out which way is up.
dataset: I'm sorry for so much stress in your relationship life. In what ways does your boyfriend express his commitment and positive feelings about you, to you? From what you write, you feel more aggravation, stress, loneliness and insecurity, than satisfaction by being in this relationship. Does he care that you don't trust him? Very often people stay in relationships from fear of knowing who they really are.  The feeling is of needing a partner in a way that is similar to how a fearful child needs staying nearby a parent. My suggestion is to think over how much your sense of need for a partner, may be preventing you from actually seeing the amount of love and investment in your relationship, your boyfriend actually has. These realizations are sometimes painful and frightening to understand, especially if you grew up in a family that largely ignored or didn't adequately nurture you as a child. A therapist for your Self may be a good investment of time and cost in giving yourself a safe and trustworthy space to think deeply about your best interest.
chatbot: I understand how difficult this must be for you, and that your trust has been broken. It may help to process what happened, and why he felt the need to reach out to this other girl in the first place. It could also help to talk about how you two can move forward, if at all possible. Is there anything else that you would like to talk about?"}

question: In 2008 my former husband of 14 years walked away from my life and we've been separated ever since. We have always been together sexually and both have experienced sleeping with others. I stopped because I wanted my marriage to work out but he did not. If he stops sleeping with other women, can our marriage be saved? Or should we just part ways? I still care deeply about him after all that I did and he has done. But he is seeing someone else on and off for years now. Will our marriage still be saved if he decides that he wants to try to do so?
dataset: Sorry to hear about the stress in your relationship.   There is definite value in being clear as you are, about your own emotional investment in your husband and that you expect sexual exclusivity from him as part of the foundation of your marriage. Also positive is your awareness that only your husband is the one who must similarly decide his own standards of being sexually exclusive to you, or not. Whether your marriage can be saved depends on what each person is willing to accept about the other one. Is sleeping with other women the only criterion of what will satisfy you about being together with your husband? Love and care are not enough to make a marriage work.  Partners need to be able to compromise and cooperate with each other.  That you care for him definitely intensifies any emotion you feel toward your husband.  It intensifies any frustration and sadness about the relationship too. Decide how much emotional sadness and hurt you're willing to tolerate and the reason you're willing to do so. From what you write, you are being very generous of yourself and not being reciprocated for this. If your husband doesn't start taking steps toward satisfying your wishes, this may be your time to question your own generosity in waiting for him to do so.
chatbot: It is understandable that you are struggling with this situation. It can be difficult to know what path to take when relationships are complicated by infidelity. If your former husband is willing to commit to stopping all contact with other women, then there is potential for healing and reconciliation in the marriage. However, if he is not ready or willing to make this commitment, then it may be best to part ways. It is ultimately up to him how he wants to proceed." }

question: I was married to a narcissist sociopath for 10 years. During that time I was a general manager. I used to help him financially and in other ways when we were together. But things began to change. He emotionally and sexually drained me. I lost my spirit. I used to be a very happy person but now I am a loner. I left him and moved to another state. Currently, I'm working as a server which makes me believe less in myself. I feel pity for myself a lot but don't know what to do. When I have money problems, he does not help me. He actually enjoys seeing me have a hard time in my life. I need help.
dataset: Congratulations on leaving your marriage! It is ok and natural to feel sadness, loss, uncertainty in direction, hurt, resulting from ending the marriage. Possibly what you consider "pity" is a combination of these feelings. Be kind and caring toward who you are since you just put yourself through a major separation and need time to clear out the old emotions that connected you to your ex. There is very, very little chance of him helping you since he lacks compassion and empathy. More likely any help he gave would be in order to manipulate you. Maybe for now your server job is ok do you have more time to concentrate on taking care of your emotions. You were a manager once, you can be a manager again when you feel ready for doing so. Good luck!
chatbot: I understand it must be very difficult for you. It sounds like your ex-partner was very emotionally and sexually manipulative. This can take its toll on a person's self-confidence, spirit and sense of worthiness. Is there anything that I or anyone else can do to help you find the strength within yourself again? I would be happy to provide support or resources if you are open to receiving them." }

question: I have been diagnosed with ADHD and experienced manic depression episodes. I have problems with anger management. Apparently, I also have an ODD, bipolar and split personality. How can I be truly happy?
dataset: The ADHD and manic depressive episodes are terms other people told you that you have. You don't have to accept these words to describe who you are. A lot of mental health in our country is about telling people what's wrong with them and giving pills for these so called conditions, instead of helping a person know more about themselves in order to make good decisions. You can be happy because nothing from the outside, such as the names people have used to tell you who you are, can interfere with your own wish to be happy. Others can slow you down because of the self-doubt and hurt feelings.  No one can take happiness from you, only they can make it harder to find and hold onto. Anger management only works temporarily because it is a surface approach. Think of the reason you are angry.  This will be better to know so you will be able to address it. Then you will not have anger to manage.
chatbot: It sounds like you are dealing with a lot of complex issues that have been hard to manage. It is understandable why you would want to find true happiness. Firstly, it may help to get more information on your diagnoses and how best to manage them. Additionally, looking for ways to bring more balance, self-care, and relaxation into your life can be helpful. Finally, speaking to a therapist who specialises in these issues could be really beneficial."}

question: My boyfriend says I'm nuts. I need to get help because I get an overwhelming feeling that he is cheating on me. Whenever I try to talk with him about it, he always turns it around on me by telling me what I'm doing wrong. I know that accusing him does not help. When his whole demeanor shifts towards me, I can't help but think that something is wrong. Am I wrong for feeling this way? I try to talk with him to make it better. I let him know when I am feeling down. But I am not confident in these things. Two weeks ago a girl texted his phone 3 times trying to hook up with him. He texted her back with "Sorry, I've been working. I just read your message." The girl was trying to get him to call her at a time when he was at home with me. He texted her back with "Don't text me anymore." I don't feel like I am way out of the line. But I can't talk with him if all that he will say is that I'm crazy and I need help. What should I do? How will I go about checking if there really is something wrong with me?
dataset: Trust your intuition that your boyfriend is involved with other people. You gave examples which strongly suggest this. Quite commonly, a person twist someone's words to convince then of having problems in seeing or understanding their own and other's behavior. Your intuition is again working quite well in telling you that your problem is having a boyfriend who manipulates you, not that you're seeing things incorrectly. One way to check if you're totally misreading him, is to examine whether you feel similarly in other relationships. If no one else who knows you tells you that you're crazy, then this strongly points to your boyfriend twisting words so that you feel wrong. Also, a consult with a therapist would clarify the dynamics between you and your boyfriend. A therapist session would also allow you to think out loud in a confidential discussion, what to do with your newfound clarity!
chatbot: I understand how difficult it must be for you to deal with these feelings. It is important to take steps towards getting the help you need so that you can find clarity and peace of mind. You could try talking to a friend or loved one, or even a counselor to explore your thoughts and feelings further. Sometimes just getting things out in the open helps to make sense of them and provide new perspectives. Doing this can also help you decide what steps to take next. I'm here if you need any more support."}

question: I am having a problem with extended family members who are inappropriately urinating in my home. They are peeing in cat litter boxes, bottles, and directly on floors and in corners of my house. Is there any literature that supports why such adults would behave this way? This is not a joke. I am trying to understand.
dataset: Hi,  This sounds like a very challenging and upsetting problem - good for you for reaching out! My first thought is, these two adults may have a sleep disorder that could be contributing to the urination in inappropriate places. Since they are adults, and you can't force them to seek treatment,  you might be able to suggest that there could be an underlying medical issue and advise they speak with a medical provider. . As far as what to do for yourself - set some firm boundaries. Be clear about the expectations of your home. Also include the positive and negative consequences should they decide to address or avoid this issue. I hope this helps you, your family members, and the pets!
chatbot: I'm sorry to hear that. It sounds like it must be very frustrating. Do you know who the extended family members are? Have they said anything about why they're behaving this way?"}

question: Tonight, my husband seemed to put our son down through an incorrect approach. His approach was perfectly wrong. I found myself defending my son. I told him that what he did was not the way to encourage our son. Instead of watching my husband’s harsh behavior I decided to sit beside my son and, together, we worked on his science assignment in order to encourage him to study. My husband got upset and he was swearing at me. He threatened me. I knew that he was not joking. His words scared me a lot!
dataset: I have had these many cases, but in situations like this.... If it does get out of hand, the police do need to be involved. Sit down and talk to your husband when he is calm and collective.
chatbot: I am so sorry to hear this. It is understandable how you would be feeling overwhelmed, anxious and afraid right now. Can you tell me more about what happened? What did your husband say next?"}

question: How do I ever trust another woman? I have found myself constantly reading between the lines with every other woman that I meet. I am having a difficult time making any sort of connection to anyone because of her deception and willingness to say and do literally anything in order to control my emotions. Once the "relationship" was over, she became extremely abusive and has attempted to intimidate me into silence regarding the many false claims made on her immigration application.
dataset: I'm sorry to hear about that situation. If the woman was your therapist (or had been at one time), this could represent a significant ethical violation when she created a dual relationship with you. Even if you were not her client, this might still be an ethical violation. Counselors are held to a high standard of conduct and honesty at all times. In a situation like this you might consider filing a complaint with the state regulatory board.
chatbot: It sounds like you have had a really difficult experience with this woman. It is understandable that you may be hesitant to trust another woman. How can I help you process your feelings and thoughts around this experience?"}

question: I am currently living in a hotel and I don’t have a family. I met a guy a month ago. He is a bisexual. He has a lot of gay friends on social networking sites. He would not help pay for the room. When I asked for the TV remote control, he threw it elsewhere and asked me to get it. I slapped him and asked him to leave my room. We recently just got back together. One time I was sick. He came to visit and feed me but left no money. Then he texts me and brags about his house and car knowing that I have struggles living at a hotel. He says that he has a whole house where he can put me in and orders me to text him whenever I need someone to have sex with. He left his bath soap so he could come and get it. I think that he is trying to find a way to come back. Please help me. What’s going on? I am a good, loyal woman. Why is he treating me like this?
dataset: I am less concerned about this man as bisexual and having gay friends, than about how you feel is treating you.  You are in a vulnerable position because of social isolation.  If you have friends to talk to, please reach out.  While this man has money, it is not his job to take care of you financially unless the two of you have decided that together.  It sounds like he sometimes cares for you and other times you feel disrespected.  I would suggest you look for a man that is consistent in his love and care.  This is not your fault.  But you are in control of removing him from you life or choosing not to because he meets some of your needs.  Take care.
chatbot: I understand your frustration with this situation. It sounds like you are being taken advantage of and it's not fair. It may be helpful to talk about why he might be acting this way and what you can do to set boundaries in the relationship. Is there anything specific that you would like to change?",

question: I’m a senior high school student. I’m also five months pregnant. I got pregnant by my boyfriend of three years. My parents don’t want us to communicate with each other. He can’t even come to visit my gynecologist. My mom goes to attend all of my doctor’s appointments. She’s supportive of me. I wish, though, that my boyfriend was next to me and be able to see his daughter on a sonogram, at the very least. My family does not understand that he deserves that much. I cry all the time because I feel lost and hopeless. I need guidance and I believe that you can give it to me. Am I wrong for wanting him around? Are they right for keeping him away from the appointments and not letting us communicate with each other even though we are the parents? I do everything that they ask of me. I just want him to be around. When I ask my parents to let him be here, they call me a selfish person. Please help me.
dataset: You're not wrong for wanting to be with your boyfriend of three years who is also the biological father of your child. Do your parents object to you and your boyfriend continuing to see each other in person?  Or, do they object only to electronic communication and don't want him involved in his child's life?  Ask your parents what their reason is for forbidding you to communicate with your boyfriend.  Ask them also to understand your point of view. Now is also a good time for you and your boyfriend to plan whether and where you will live as a family and how to financially and emotionally support one another once your baby is born. Your mom and dad are definitely making fatherhood difficult for your boyfriend and motherhood stressful for you. Consider bringing up the topic during your next obgyn visit.  Your doctor may ask your mom to explain her reasons and address these. Look online for women's resources to see if there are clinics or agencies that would help you advocate for your position in this matter. Good luck with the remainder of your pregnancy, labor and delivery!
chatbot: I understand how difficult this must be for you. Your parents' wishes can be hard to accept and it is normal to feel lost and hopeless in times like these. It might help to talk to your boyfriend about what bothers your parents, so they don't feel excluded from the process. Also, if he truly cares for you and your baby, he should want to be part of this journey together with you. Please remember that you are not alone in this, and I am here for you if you need somebody to talk to."}

question: I have always wanted to have a transition from male to female for some time now. This issue has persisted for 10 years already but I don't know where to start. I do not have the soundest information either.
dataset: Wonderful!  I am so excited for you.  What a huge decision.  I am writing from Toronto Canada so it is hard for me to direct you specifically.  I would start with two things 1) Find a doctor that is comfortable perscribing hormones and 2) find a Counsellor or Therapist that is transgender specialized.  They will know how transitioning works in your health care system and other supports as well.  Google is a wonderful way to find these resources.   I wish you well. Thanks for writing!
chatbot: It is understandable that you might feel overwhelmed and confused. It is important to remember that you can take baby steps towards your goal. Have you thought about how you would like to proceed? What has been holding you back from taking action?",

question: How do I stop those thoughts?
dataset: The thoughts you are having are just thoughts.  Not actions.  It is your choice whether you act on these thoughts.  If you decide to explore having sex with adults of different genders that is great.  If you find yourself obsessed with sexual thoughts,  you may want to see a cognitive-behavioural therapist.  Take care.
chatbot: It's difficult to stop these thoughts completely, but there are strategies you can use to manage them. One is to practice mindfulness and be present in the moment. Another is to challenge the negative thoughts with positive affirmations. It might also help to talk about your thoughts and feelings with a trusted friend or therapist."}

question: I'm going through a divorce with my wife of three years, who I've known since the 4th grade and been involved with for seven years! We just had a baby seven months ago and never got along with my mother, who I've lived with for years. I am now back with my mother because I have nowhere to go with this divorce looming. I'm heart broken because I fell into a depression, I haven't seen my child in a while, I'm having good and bad dreams, and I feel hated. Can you help? Can you intervene? Can I speak with someone?
dataset: It's hard to accept the end of a marriage when it's not your choice; you feel powerless, abandoned and unwanted. Your wife has the right to decide not to be in a marriage with you, and a therapist can help you accept and move through this change that has broken your heart and left you lost. You don't indicate why you haven't seen your child, and you may want to consult with a lawyer about the laws in your area and how to gain access to your baby. Therapists don't intervene in these ways. The marriage may be ending, but your role as a loving father is only beginning.  You can focus on giving your child the gift of two parents who respect each other.
chatbot: I understand how difficult this must be for you. It sounds like it has been a long road of heartbreak and sadness. It is important to take care of yourself during this time, and reach out if you need additional help or support. I am here for you if you want to talk more about how you are feeling and any thoughts or worries that come up in the meantime."}

question: I been having anger problems a lot lately. It only takes one word wrongly said to set me off. I use to not be like this until I got with my soon-to-be husband. I think his mood and rage/anger problems have rubbed off on me a lot. I don't get nearly as bad as he does, but I yell almost constantly and I can't seem to just stop. I have two young babies that have to hear this, and I don't want my girls growing up with a mommy like I have been lately. I just don't know how to get back to my old self.
dataset: With me knowing that a healthy relationship usually includes respect, trust, appreciation, companionship, spiritual solidarity, domestic support, feeling of being cherished, and  sensuous affection, I am wondering if you are lacking in several if not all of these needs in your present relationship.  Before he becomes your husband, you should examine these areas and see if they are high in rating.  Otherwise, yes this relationship will affect your girls and you negatively.  I would suggest relationship counseling, specifically pre-marital.  Not be surprised if through the process you realize that this relationship is not the best choice for you and your children.
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling overwhelmed by the changes in your life. It is natural to feel angry and frustrated when things don’t go as planned. You need to find healthier ways of dealing with your emotions. Could you tell me more about how you handle stress during difficult times?"}

question: I have been with my boyfriend for more than a year. He recently got a new job and travels a lot. I’m not used to him being gone all the time. I feel as though he has forgotten about me because he does not talk with me as much and doesn’t keep me up to date on everything that he does throughout the day, which he used to. I feel lost, sad and unwanted. This is really a tough new challenge. I just want to break up with him, but I love him so much. I don’t know why he is acting this way lately. I believe I have separation anxiety. Is there anything that I can do to help me cope with this while he is out of town?
dataset: Consider talking with your boyfriend about times that you may be able to talk together while he is away. This way, you have an idea when you'll be able to contact him. Does he recognize the feelings that you have while he is away? How do you feel when you are together with him and he is home? I'm also curious as to how the level of your anxiety (on a scale of 1 to 10, perhaps) changes during the parts of his trips. Maybe there are certain parts that are more or less related to anxiety for you. Perhaps you have less anxiety while working or involved in a specific activity, for example, spending time with friends. When you are both in the same area (when your boyfriend is not traveling), do you do some things independently with friends?  Do you know what leads to your anxiety when he is away? I don't know whether it is a general feeling of wanting him to come back or anxiety that something specific will happen to you or him. Do you ever recall feeling this way in your past? If so, what was happening then? What do you have that makes you feel very safe and comfortable? Consider working with a mental health professional in the area. Perhaps it would be helpful for the two of you to meet with a therapist who specializes in couples to see what kind of relationship you want to have and what you can each do to contribute to that relationship. There could be things that you could both start or stop doing to help your relationship move in the direction where you would like it to go. As an example, perhaps you would like a text before your boyfriend goes to bed, no matter what time zone or time of day it is. Perhaps he would prefer a good morning text or call/voicemail from you.
chatbot: I understand how difficult it must be for you, especially since you love him so much. It might help to talk about why he might be acting this way and what changes you could make in the relationship. Could you tell me more about your relationship?"}

question: I'm a teenager. I get random spurts of anger, like complete, pure rage. I figured it was hormones, but others notice it too. I get self-destructive. I used to cut but stopped. Now when I get mad, I bite my arms and fingers, pull my hair, scratch my face, or punch my thighs. Basically, I do things I can hide instead of breaking anything in my room and having to explain it to my mom. I don't live in a bad household. I have a great family, a great relationship with my boyfriend, and a good job. I have no idea what this is and I don't know how to control it. It's over any little thing. Tonight, it was because I couldn't get my earrings out. This happens maybe two to three times on a good week, and it's always over stupid, petty things.
dataset: Hi. I'm glad you wrote. In general, when a small thing bothers us (and this happens to all of us), it's because the small thing triggers an emotion in us that we have felt "too much" or "too intensely" in the past, and we don't know how to manage that emotion effectively...we just want to avoid it as quickly as possible. Cognitive Behavioural Therapy with a qualified therapist can help you to understand what is being triggered in you and learn how to manage emotions productively. You say that your behaviours are self destructive, and I agree. It sounds like you have developed a habit of channelling your distress towards self-harm, and this is a separate and potentially more serious problem. This is a choice you make that points to shame being an issue for you. Again, a good therapist can help you learn what's behind your shame and self-harm. Your feelings are normal, and you can learn more healthy ways to deal with them with qualified help.
chatbot: It sounds like you are really frustrated with yourself for being able to 'hide' your anger instead of directing it at something or someone else. Do you think there is anything that might help you to better process these feelings? Anger is a natural emotion and it can be healthy and productive if channeled in positive ways."}

question: He said he would try and he never did. It's been nine months, and this is making me worse. Today, he said I have to respect whatever decision he makes. Is that true? Am I supposed to respect the decision to leave because he can't handle what I'm going through and leaves me here crying and worried every night? He's constantly changing his mind on if he wants to work it out.
dataset: The fact that you mention that he is "constantly changing his mind on if he wants to work it out," suggests that Discernment Counseling might be a really good fit for you both. Discernment counseling is a protocol for partners where one or both aren't certain they want to remain in the relationship. It's a brief (1-5 sessions) and intentionally focused on helping partners talk through (primarily individually) their reasons for and against staying in the relationship - as well as confront their own contributions that lead to the relationship crisis. It's aimed at helping the couple reach a clear understanding of which path they are going to take, not asking anyone to change just yet, so it can be a lot less intimidating and more to the point than couples therapy.  You can look to find a local therapist providing this service here .  That said, I agree with other respondents that if he is deciding to leave, seeking out support for yourself would be incredibly helpful.  You may need to accept his decision, but you can certainly feel whatever emotions you have.    You are allowed to feel exactly how you feel, and it's likely you'll be sad, or angry or hurt or disappointed or scared, or any combination of any/all of those.  H aving someone there who can validate those emotions and help you to process the grief that naturally comes with the end of a relationship can be a huge help in finding a place of healing and regaining a sense of self, a sense of hope.
chatbot: It sounds like you feel very uncertain and frustrated. What do you think would help you the most right now?"}

question: My new daughter-in-law just informed me that she is smoking marijuana while pregnant because of her morning sickness. I’m in shock and I don’t know how to respond. I just lost my mom, and she was good with advice.
dataset: Have you reached your own conclusions and reasons for these, regarding the topic?    When you feel confident in your own reasons for your conclusions, then obviously ask your daughter in law for some time together and tell her what you think and your reasons for opinions. Plan for this meeting according to the type of relationship you have with your daughter in law. Since your son will also be affected by the prenatal conditions of his child, he may also be interested in being part of this conversation. Also, during your discussion, find out the exact ways the morning sickness affects your daughter in law. It is possible that scheduling adjustments in routines can be made so your daughter has more time to rest or fewer responsibilities for a while until she feels better. Maybe you and other family members can lighten her daily routines so she has more time for herself to manage her morning sickness in a less risky way. Sending Good luck!
chatbot: I understand this is a difficult time for you. How are you feeling about your new daughter-in-law's decision?", "patient": "I feel horrified - like she isn’t taking the health of her baby seriously. What do you think I should do or say?"}

question: I've been hospitalized twice. Once was last month for psychiatric help. I'm on medicine, but I'm struggling with fighting the negative thoughts, irrational fears, and loneliness. The people around me aren't helping much.
dataset: If you are someone who usually has a job, pays or contributes to household bills, and generally manages your own daily life, then here are some suggestions. Start with small changes in your life so that you will feel successful in developing little areas of personal happiness. Since the people whom you currently are in your life "aren't helping much", consider branching out your life so that you are with those with whom you do feel help you. Follow your natural interests.  If you like reading, look online for a local book club.   If you like watching birds, look up a bird watching group. Social isolation increases the intensity of negative feelings. Also, the way healthcare is set up in the US, psychiatrists spend 15 minutes asking a person questions and then giving them a pill script.    There is almost no human interest in the person. If you'd like feeling better as a person, then find people.   Relying only on our mental health system will keep you feeling low and unsteady. If your life is a little more sheltered and you are in a group home setting or your basic needs are taken care of by someone or some organization, then similar advice is still valid. Find and participate in whatever human settings which appeal to you and are available on a somewhat regular basis.
chatbot: It sounds like you are going through a difficult time. It is understandable that you feel overwhelmed and scared. Is there anything I can do to help? I am here for you."}

question: I find myself being very outgoing most of the time, but there are some times when I don't know what to say. I don't even want to talk at all. It's like, I search for the right thing to say and nothing ever comes out. I don't know if I'm outgoing only to fill the void of not knowing what to say. I don’t know if people like that about me. I'm very self-conscious and always think people are talking about me, so it makes me have a cold shoulder and not want to talk.
dataset: Would you feel more secure in conversations if instead of talking soon after meeting someone or entering a social situation, you simply listened attentively to the other people? This way you'd have a more secure idea of what topics the group likes talking about and whether you like talking about these topics as well. Maybe you simply are in groups or situations in which you don't care for the people or focus. Start by trusting your own evaluation of your true interest in being among the groups in which you are. Maybe you simply need new and different groups.
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling overwhelmed by this experience. It is okay to feel uncomfortable or scared sometimes. What can help you in these moments is being mindful of your breathing and focusing on what it is that you need right now. Sometimes just taking a few moments for yourself can help you relax, breathe, and find the words that want to come out."}

question: I am going through a very hard time and I'm so depressed. My parents are getting a divorce and a lot of bad things are happening. I want to lull myself.
dataset: It sounds like a tough time and it's normal to feel down when your family is going through a divorce or other hardship. There's a difference between feelings like sadness, discouragement, grief, loneliness and depression, though. Sadness is sadness and sometimes we have to go through a grieving or other process, that is a normal reaction to events in our lives. Depression, on the other hand, is more about being stuck.  Lulling yourself with self-care sounds like a healthy response and a way to give yourself support. So as to the uncomfortable but healthy part of your feelings, do the best you can to put names to it and share with a trusted other person. You will find comfort.  The part of your situation that's depression -- feeling stuck, not able to get out of bad, concentrate, changes in sleeping and eating, loss of enjoyment in living, poor hygiene, feelings of hopelessness, that's different. First step, identify your own symptoms of depression. If you have any thoughts of hurting yourself, tell someone. If you're not sure, you can try 800-lifenet or other support line to get feedback.  First aid for depression includes: daily care and feeding, good sleeping and eating, lots of exercise-- even when you don't feel like it--  healthy socializing, and focusing on talking to yourself in a positive way. If you aren't able to move yourself out of your depression,  work with a professional to make short-term goals and get some support. You may also talk to your doctor or psychiatrist about trying an anti-depressant to give you a little lift while you go through a rough patch. Best wishes, Karen
chatbot: It sounds like you are in a very difficult place right now. Is there anything that I can do to help?"}

question: I was raped repeatedly when I was younger. I told my parents and action was taken, but now that I’m an adult, I suffer from extreme anxiety.
dataset: While anxiety can come about for many reasons, trauma is definitely one of the factors that makes anxiety a possibility both immediately following a traumatic event and later in life. When we have experienced such scary violations of our bodies - we may experience residual effects of fear for many years to come. This is normal, natural and in many ways helpful - at least initially. This fear is in some way a sign that your body/mind is taking good care of you - trying to keep you on your toes in order to protect you from anything terrible happening to you again. However, as it sounds like you know, anxiety feels awful and there are certainly ways of learning to reduce anxiety. In order to get the tools you need to manage anxiety and also understand where it comes from and how it works in your life, I would encourage you to seek professional help and check out anxiety resources online.
chatbot: That must have been very traumatic for you. It's understandable that you would be affected by it in your adult life. Have you talked to a professional about how you are feeling?"}

question: My toddler is having a real hard time with toilet training. He almost throws up every time he sees his poop. He gags and will not go on the toilet. We have tried a toilet chair and ring that goes on the big-boy toilet, but he refuses to use it. When he sits on the toilet, he just sits there forever and only will pee. He holds the poop in until he get up and then will poop in his diaper. I dump his diaper in the toilet and let him know that it is where it goes to try to encourage him. How can I help him get over this fear and passed the stress?
dataset: Your son is showing signs that he's just not ready to be toilet trained. You don't say how old he is, so I'm not sure whether the problem is deeper, but right his fears may reflect that right now he is simply be not ready to take that step. Pushing him at this point could worsen the problem, so I suggest pulling back the expectations, waiting a month or two, looking for more signs of readiness and trying again. In general, teaching children to use the toilet works best when "mistakes" are handled calmly and when parents pay close attention to cues that the child is responding positively.
chatbot: I understand this must be a difficult time for you and your son. It sounds like he may have some anxiety around going to the bathroom, which can be very common in young children. Have you tried using positive reinforcement to encourage him when he does use the toilet? This could involve praise, rewards or treats as a way of rewarding him for using the potty. You may also want to consider taking him to see a behavioral specialist who can help you find ways to best support your son and help him through this phase."}

question: I was raped by multiple men, and now I can't stand the sight of myself. I wear lingerie to get my self excited enough to have sex with my wife.
dataset: Hello Utah, thank you for writing with your question. Sexual assault or sexual abuse is a very traumatic event that affects victims in many ways. Your difficulty in feeling sexually engaged and your description of the shame and self-loathing you feel are normal responses to the rapes you experienced. A good therapist can help you to process your traumas and understand that you did nothing wrong to cause the rapes; the shame is not yours. It takes a very patient and loving partner, but you can make progress towards a healthier sexual relationship with your wife. These are issues that I cannot address more fully here other than to recommend that you seek the assistance of a qualified professional.
chatbot: It must be incredibly difficult to go through such a traumatic experience. Is there anything that you would like to talk about?"}

question: My husband and I would've been married for five years come June 2016. Our infant daughter just had her birthday. Shortly before, he told me he wanted a divorce. He has four other children, three of which are from his first wife. He decided to end that marriage when his youngest was an infant. The children do not have a good relationship with him now. He has another child from a woman he was dating. He decided he didn't want to be with her anymore when the child was an infant. It seems to me that there is a pattern. He easily detaches from relationships at the same time in the child's life but wants a relationship with them when they are older. I've tried to research online, but I'm not getting any answers. He also has an unhealthy dependency on alcohol and does not believe in mental health disorders such as depression and bi-polar disorder. He also does not believe in therapy or seeking help from professionals. Is there a detachment disorder or some form of mental block he could have? Where do you recommend researching this?
dataset: This sounds really difficult and I can understand your motivation to get to bottom of why this behaviour has occurred - especially if your husband (who sounds like he is an ex-husband?) continues to have a relationship with you and your children. With that being said - relationships and mental health are very complicated and you are unlikely to find the answers you are looking for. In order for someone to be diagnosed with a mental illness or in order for them to identify what leads them to fall into particular patterns in relationship - they would need to be willing to seek help and honestly talk about their challenges, something that you say your ex is not willing to do.  While it might be a relief to understand what is going on with him - it might be more comforting for you to get support for yourself in processing your feelings and everything that has come up for you as a result of his choices.
chatbot: I understand your confusion, it sounds like you are trying to make sense of an incredibly difficult situation. It is possible that your husband may be suffering from a mental health issue such as depression or bipolar disorder, however I am not qualified to diagnose anyone and so I cannot say for sure. To better understand what your husband is going through, it might be helpful to speak to a qualified mental health professional who can give you more insight into his behavior. In the meantime, there are some great resources available online that you could look at to help you gain more clarity."}

question: I don’t love my sister. I would never wish her harm, but if I could, I would wish for us not to be related. Is this cruel? Why must blood mean we have to be friends? Am I being unreasonable and is there a way to fix this? I do care about her, like I do every human being, but I’d rather be with my friends than be with her at all. It’s not just a "teenager phase." I still love my mom and dad, and I’m very close to them. However, it’s my sister I don’t love or have ever really liked at all.
dataset: Hi. My guess is there's a lot of deep history here that I don't know about. Have you felt hurt by your sister in the past, or are you just 'different people'? It's a common feeling people have about siblings; that they're very different and they wouldn't choose them as friends, but most people stay connected to family unless there's a good reason not to. We don't choose our family, do we? Your feelings are normal and they don't make you cruel. If you were mean to her, that might be a different thing. It might be considered cruel to cut her out of your life for no reason, but choosing to not hang out with her a lot isn't cruel, in my mind. Perhaps you at least owe your sister kindness and respect (if she respects you), but not necessarily friendship.  How you respond here is up to you; there are no rules. You get to decide how much 'family' means to you and how much time you spend with friends or family. This may shift at different times in your life though. Cutting all ties with a sister now (you haven't said you want that though) might mean she won't want to be there for you in the future when you need her. Also, how you treat your sister affects your other family members as well. There are many things to consider here, but the bottom line is that you get to surround yourself with the people you want in your life.
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling a lot of complicated feelings for your sister. It's understandable that you wouldn't feel close to her, especially if you haven't always had a close relationship. Is there anything specific about your relationship with her that has caused these feelings?"}

question: My boyfriend’s sneaky and puts his friends before me. He fights just to leave. One day, he's happy. The next, he's mean and blames me for everything. He can't admit faults. He thinks he's perfect and does no wrong.
dataset: Hi, Ontario. I live in the other Ontario; in Canada. I'll try to help you sort this out. You have a long list of complaints about your boyfriend! It sounds like he's maybe a bit immature and moody, and these things affect you, for sure. I get it. It's got me curious, and if I was working with you, I'd want to know a lot more about how long you've been together and what's actually working well between you two. I would also ask a lot of questions about the details of your description. What tells you he's 'sneaky'? Does he lie? How do you know he lies to you? Also, are you wanting to make things better with him, do you just want an ear to vent to, are you looking for validation, or do you hope someone will help you wake up to an unhappy situation?  It helps me if I know what you want. Whenever I meet someone who has a lot of complaints about their partner or boyfriend, I encourage them first to look at the language they're using. Some of your words tell me that you think you know what he's thinking (that he wants to fight so he can leave, that he thinks he's perfect). It's always tricky when we assume what someone's thinking, and in an argument or dialogue, these kinds of statements tend to lead to defensiveness and an escalated argument. I'd encourage you to focus on his actual behaviours and how they affect you, rather than the motives or beliefs you think are behind the behaviours (because you really can't know what he's thinking unless he tells you). As a general rule, the "When you do X, I feel Y" sentence goes far in helping others understand what we feel. So, it's fair to say "when you lie to me, I can't trust you", or "when you end our date early to hang with your friends I feel like I'm not important to you", or "your mood swings are difficult for me", or "I don't seem to get apologies from you". Try to focus on his actual behaviour when you talk to him about this stuff. A relationship counsellor can help you each understand the other better beyond the surface behaviours if you want to improve the relationship. That said, I have to ask...if you haven't been with Mr. Not So Great for very long, is it maybe time to rethink the relationship? Unless there is a balance of really loving and positive behaviours that you're leaving out, you don't seem happy. A good therapist can help you understand why you are stuck in an unhappy relationship, if that is what's happening.  There's a lot to sort out here...how to communicate about your needs, how to know when to call it quits if something doesn't feel good... I wish you the best as you continue to examine these questions with assistance from friends or professionals.
chatbot: It sounds like there is a lot of frustration and pain in your relationship. It also seems that you are looking to the other person to make you feel better, which is not possible. Could you tell me more about how this pattern started? What kind of things do you do together, and what do his friends have to do with it?"}

question: My ex-boyfriend, will not stop harassing and stalking me. We work together. I honestly think he needs help to move on. His accusations are angry lies. But I think he may believe them to be true.
dataset: The specific laws about this will vary from state to state.  G enerally, the only way to "force" someone to get mental health care is if they pose an imminent theft of harm to themself or someone else, or if they are unable to care for themself.   More importantly, is dealing with your safety.  Most states have laws that make stalking a crime. You might want to think about filing a police report and obtaining a restraining order against him.   You could also think about contacting a local counselor. While you can't force him to get help with moving on from the relationship, counseling could help you to deal with what is going on.
chatbot: I understand this must be very difficult for you. It sounds like your ex-boyfriend is having a hard time letting go and it might be helpful if someone could talk to him about his feelings. What do you think would help?"}

question: My ex-boyfriend and I met over a year ago. We hit it off and fell in love pretty quick. However, he has trust issues and assumed I was cheating. When I found out I was pregnant, we had just broken up. Five months later, I lost the baby, and we did not speak for a few weeks. Now we are talking, and he says he loves me but is afraid I will hurt him "again." I just want to know where to go with this because I love him so much, and I want to get back to us being happy and a family.
dataset: Trust is essential in romantic relationships and it is common to have trust issues - because the stakes are so high. If both of you are committed and willing to be fully honest with each other, trust can be repaired and become stronger than ever. I would encourage you to seek out professional help as it easy to get derailed by fear when trying to work things out in the absence of trust. When fear takes over - we tend to become defensive and act in ways that makes it harder to trust one another. In addition to getting professional support I would encourage you to learn more about building trust in relationships and deepening connection through accessing various online resources on relationships.
chatbot: It sounds like you both have had a difficult time lately. It's understandable that he has trust issues, but it also sounds like he still cares for you deeply. Is there anything you can do to help him process his feelings of insecurity? You could try to talk openly and gently about how he is feeling and reassure him that you are committed to making the relationship work. The two of you might benefit from speaking with a counselor together, as well."}

question: She treats me like I'm not in her presence. She’s always yelling at me for no reason. She gives more respect to my brothers than me, but only my brothers fight her while I respect her.
dataset: Attention is not equal to love and being valued. It may be precisely because your brothers demand so much more your mom's attention through fighting with her that she pays more attention to them. It is a common situation in families where the "squeaky wheel gets the grease" and the siblings or family members who don't demand as much attention end up feeling invisible. It sucks to feel invisible and it is important that there is attention for you and that you know how much your mom loves and values you.  This sounds like an important conversation to have with your mom and if she is not able to really understand or help you address this concern you may want to suggest doing some family therapy where a skilled therapist can help you and your family work this out.
chatbot: I understand how difficult this must be for you. It sounds like there are a lot of conflicting emotions inside of you. Is there anything I can do to help?"}

question: After 25 years, I fell in love for the first time. The person acted for a week and left me without even saying goodbye. My heart is burning, and I can't take this pain.
dataset: Hi, San Diego. I'm sad that this was your first experience (in 25 years) with feeling in love. You deserve better. My understanding of today's (western?) social cultural norms is that it is somehow acceptable to abruptly stop communicating with someone you've been seeing, without explanation. I don't get it. It's rude. You're better off without this person around. There are still people who operate with respect, but this person isn't one of them. If I'm reading this right, you knew this person for a week? In my humble opinion, much heartache and many poor relationships come from attaching too soon. It takes years to get to know someone deeply. I know it's hard to keep yourself from falling in love, but you owe it to your heart to take these things more slowly, because everyone puts their best self forward at the beginning and it takes time for that to relax and for you to see who they are when times are tougher and real stuff happens. If I was your therapist, I'd be curious about how this is the first time you've fallen in love? Or is it that you were in love 25 years ago?  Was your heart broken then, or did something encourage your heart to close? What has kept you from either meeting people or letting yourself fall in love until now? Is there a danger that you will decide love isn't worth the risk? This is a crucial time for you to potentially seek professional support from a therapist in order to understand yourself and not shut down, if that's what happened before. :)
chatbot: I am so sorry to hear that. It must be very difficult for you. Is there anything I can do to help? Please know that it is okay to feel the way you do - your feelings are valid. Maybe talking about it could help you process what happened and start to heal."}

question: I am currently suffering from erectile dysfunction and have tried Viagra, Cialis, etc. Nothing seemed to work. My girlfriend of 3 years is very sexually frustrated. I told her that it is okay for her to have sex with other men. Is that really okay?
dataset: Hello, and thank you for your question. I completely agree with Dr. Zehner. Many couples are in open-type or polyamorous relationships where one or both partners engage in sexual relationships with others. The key thing about this is that it really does have to be something that both people are okay with. Now, as Dr. Zehner indicated, what may be okay today may not feel okay tomorrow, so good communication is essential. The truth is, even in polyamorous relationships where partners are in agreement, jealousy does sometimes happen. Here is a good article about polyamorous relationships and the issue of jealousy: http://everydayfeminism.com/2016/02/polyamorous-dealing-jealousy/ This site has many other articles about polyamory. If you type in "polyamory" in their search box, you will find some good information. I wish you well, Robin J. Landwehr, DBH, LPC, NCC
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling a lot of guilt and shame about your erectile dysfunction, and your girlfriend's frustration with it. It might be helpful to talk through some of the emotions behind that and what you both can do to find more satisfaction in the relationship."}

question: I am constantly having problems with the same two people who will always be in my life. I had a daughter with my ex-boyfriend. I am now married, and my husband’s ex-girlfriend is involved with my ex-boyfriend. They also have a daughter together. My issue is that there is always drama. I am pregnant, and I told my ex-boyfriend that I don't want any drama or arguments. I want to get along as much as possible, and he agreed. However, we just had an incident where my ex-boyfriend started discussing drop-off details about my stepdaughter. I told him that he needed to ask my husband because I can't make decisions about my stepdaughter regarding the matter. That led to an argument. I told him all my concern is when I pick up my daughter. My stepdaughter’s pick-up details are between my husband and his ex-girlfriend. I especially told him I didn't want to be involved. Somehow, he turned it around and then wanted to change the schedule we agreed on. He threatened me and got ugly because I wouldn’t discuss my stepdaughter’s matters with him. The point is there is so much drama. I try my best to get along with everyone. I don't understand where I went wrong (besides replying back to his question). I feel like I'm going crazy because this is a constant battle where everyone’s frustrations are taken out on each other, and it's the children that are hurting. I had a party planned for my daughter’s birthday, and my ex-boyfriend told me to cancel those plans because he wouldn’t let me have her. In my eyes, it’s the child that is hurting. I was throwing a party for her birthday, and because of the problem with stupid pick-up details about my stepdaughter, which I have no control over, he took it out on our daughter.
dataset: Hi. I appreciate your mature instincts and strong efforts to draw clear boundaries in this very complex situation. I agree that it sounds like the adult drama is unnecessary and potentially will affect the children. Children need adults around them to act maturely, cooperatively and peacefully even when they don't like each other; it helps them feel secure and lets them focus on learning and growing. Your ex-boyfriend seems more focused on his own needs. In fact, he demonstrates behaviours that are aggressive, controlling and manipulative, bordering on 'parental alienation'. I agree this is a problem. I also appreciate how protective you are of yourself at this vulnerable time with the pregnancy. It's not unusual for pregnancy to trigger a need to conserve energy and reduce stress. Honour this instinct you have.  I will suggest a few things to you. First, to gather support around you, professionally if you need it, from family and friends, and certainly from your husband. If you two are on the same page regarding the children issues and your ex, that will help. He can help run interference when it comes to his daughter. It will help you feel supported. Know that your ex's behaviours aren't happening because you did anything wrong; it's the way he operates (and maybe this is why you're not with him?). You can't change him, but you can stop blaming yourself for his immaturity and aggression. You're correct that he will always be there, and you can both accept this fact and also find ways to manage the situation. Keep on defining clear boundaries! You might sound like a broken record ("You'll have to talk to my husband about that"), but that's okay. It's okay to ignore his efforts to pull you into an argument or power struggle. It's okay to not respond to texts or other communications that aren't vitally important. It's okay to not let him into your house if it makes you uncomfortable. It's okay to not engage with him more than is necessary. Regarding his manipulative behaviours that reflect a tendency to keep your daughter from you, I recommend you document these behaviours and incidents carefully and fully. Let him know what your expectations are, simply and clearly and in writing ("our agreement states X, and you are not following our agreement"). Your daughter doesn't have to be aware; I think you already understand that she needs to be protected from the adult conflict. A professional therapist can help you with all of this. I hope this helps get you started towards greater peace, at least within yourself. :)
chatbot: I understand how difficult this must be for you. It sounds like it has been very challenging dealing with these two individuals. You mentioned that your ex threatened to not let you have access to your stepdaughter if you don’t discuss her matters with him - this is unacceptable and not in the child's best interest. I would recommend to stay firm and consistent, as well as reach out for help from a trusted adult if needed. Please know that you are not alone in this, and there are resources available to support you through this process." }, { "author": "Renee", "date": "2019-05-28T17:16:34+00:00", "content": "I'm so sorry to hear about your situation. It is unfortunate that you have been put in this position, especially since it affects the children. It sounds like a difficult predicament and I understand how overwhelming this could be for you. Please reach out to someone who can support you through this process - a therapist, family member or friend. You are not alone in this, and there is help available.

question: Every time I speak, he says I anger him. Also, when he’s mad at something, like work, he gets angry at me. I feel like we’re so distant from each other now. We used to laugh all the time, and I feel like he lets too much negativity in. What should I do? We've been married for two years but together for seven.
dataset: Hi, Newark. It sounds to me like your husband is going through something, and I think you understand that. You might feel very helpless, sad, and disrespected at the same time. He's changed.  It's unfair for him to blame you for his emotions. His mood issues are about him, not you, and he's either not recognising that or not taking responsibility for it.  Are you respecting yourself here by drawing appropriate boundaries? You can let him know when you feel disrespected, and what's not okay with you. He may be experiencing depression, which often shows up as irritability in men. It could be that he's not telling you something, or he's unaware of his emotional processes. You can try a "I'm really worried about you. You don't seem happy and I don't know how to help you. Some things are happening that aren't okay with me. Will you see a therapist?" approach. Perhaps you could go with him the first time?   It's about a combination of compassion, self-respect and seeking professional help, I believe. I wish you well.
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling frustrated and disconnected from your husband. It might be helpful to have a conversation with him about what is causing the negative feelings, and how both of you can work on rebuilding the connection between you. By understanding his triggers and being able to communicate more effectively, you can create a stronger foundation and resolve any issues before they arise." }

question: For the last year, my adolescent son and daughter have been driving me nuts with fighting. I'm at my wits end. How can I get them to stop and get along?
dataset: That is a good question. Unfortunately there is no generic answer with this one. Kids fight for different reasons - wanting attention, wanting respect, feeling jealous, wanting space and to be left alone, or a whole bunch of other reasons. Regardless of the underlying motivations for fighting, most conflicts result from misunderstandings and assumptions about the motivations of others and one of the best ways to start figuring out what is going on is to sit them down and have some conversations with them.  These conversations should be centred on getting a better understanding of why they are angry with each other and really understanding them. It is important that they each know that you are committed to understanding their experience rather than simply sitting them down and lecturing them about what they are doing wrong. The more they are able to understand each other and feel understood the more likely they will be cooperative and considerate of each other.  One exercise for doing this that can be very helpful is "active listening" where one person speaks and the other person reflects back what they heard the other person say and then checks for understanding. This is hard to do but it often illuminates where the misunderstandings and assumptions are. If this doesn't work it may be time to get a family therapist or counsellor involved who can help facilitate dialogue and resolve conflict.
chatbot: It sounds like a difficult situation for you and your family. I think it is important for both of your children to learn healthy ways of resolving conflicts. Can we brainstorm some strategies together that might help in this process?"}

question: I use to be so happy. No matter what, I always was happy. I got into a relationship with this guy. I love him so much. We’re both teenagers. The week after his birthday, my mom made me stop talking to him. It broke me. He came to my house and talked to her, and she let us date again but not see each other. He comes up to my school every day and it tears me apart that I have to lie to her.
dataset: Hi Los Angeles, I can tell you have a moral backbone because it's hurting you to lie to your mom. I always say that a little bit of guilt is healthy because it teaches us who we want to be. Listen to that voice. You don't have to lie to your mom to get what you want. Now, you don't say how old you are, so part of my answer is going to be a bit vague. There's a big difference between being thirteen and your mom telling you what to do and being nineteen and your mom telling you what to do. The thing is that moms and dads start out making all your decisions for you when you're small, and they're supposed to, very gradually, give that control over to you. Different parents do this at different speeds, but in general you have to earn that freedom and trust...it's not just gonna be handed over to you.  You might not like this part...your parent has the right to make the rules. My guess is there's a reason why mom is holding you back. Even if it doesn't make sense to you, breaking her rules isn't going to get you what you want...which is freedom, right? I guarantee you that mom wants you to eventually earn freedom...but she's not supposed to give it to you until you're ready because her first job is to keep you safe.  I like that your mom has limits for you. Too many parents are sort of looking the other way, busy with their own thing. Whether you know it or not, you need protection like all kids do (appropriate for your age, of course). It sounds like what you want to say to your mom is "I want to make my own decisions about who I spend time with". That's a normal wish, and I encourage you to say that to her. Depending on your age and whether you've earned it, she might listen.  So, you're sending her that message that you want to send, but you're doing it in a sneaky way, and that's not going to go well when she finds out. It's called "passive aggressive" when you say something with a sneaky behaviour rather than with words. It's not a very healthy way of sending a message, because people feel disrespected.  My guess is that your best bet is to be honest with mom, stop the sneaking around and come up with a detailed plan of how you're going to earn your freedom...eventually. She might listen to that.
chatbot: It sounds like you love this guy a lot and your mom is making you feel confused and conflicted. How do you feel when you're with him?",

question: My husband took a job out of state for the next year and seems to be a different person. Before, he worked and slept, and on off days, he'd stay home because he didn't want to do anything else. Now he's going out with friends several nights a week while I'm still home working a 50 hours a week job and taking care of two kids by myself. He's suddenly saying he misses me and wants me to be his adored wife, but the whole time, I'm remembering how I've been emotionally starving for the last five years.
dataset: My first concern is you: As you stated, you have been emotionally starving for the past five years.   Please try to find time for you; to clarify your thoughts and feelings by writing, talking to a trusted friend or family member and perhaps seeing a therapist. What's really going on with your husband?  Does he discuss in detail his sudden change?  Can the two of you still talk? Do you want the same things?   Before you go to couples counseling, I suggest that you get some support first to feel grounded within yourself and your life.  Make sure you are ready to hear what might come out of counseling.    I wish you the best.
chatbot: I understand this must be difficult for you. Can you tell me more about how it has affected your relationship with your husband?", "patient": "He ignores my texts and emails, doesn't have time to talk when I call him, and is distant in person. He says he loves me but it's hard to believe him. We used to connect on a deeper level, but it feels like that part of our relationship has gone away with him being so busy all the time. Whenever I bring this up, he gets angry or shuts down and won't talk about it anymore."}

question: My long-distance girlfriend is in a sorority, and it's changing her. I feel like I'm becoming less important to her and it hurts. She just wants me to support the sorority, but it's so hard. I try every day to show her she's the most important thing to me, but she can't even stay relatively sober at a fraternity party for me so that I won't worry about her doing anything regretful. We love each other, but we're in a rough patch.
dataset: You may already be doing as much as possible for your relationship. Each of you are 50% of the relationship. Is the 50% which your GF contributes to your relationship, based on the same understanding of the couple's problem, as you have? Maybe a good starting place for the two of you to talk about is defining what problem the two of you have as a couple. This way, each of you will be able to know if you have similar values and definitions of your reasons for being together. Depending on what you each expect from your partnership, you each will clearly know whether, and then how, to accommodate the other person. These discussions stir a lot of emotions in each person, so that sometimes staying clear minded becomes very difficult.  You both will likely feel like talking about these matters more than one time. Consider utilizing a professional, credentialed and licensed therapist who would help the two of you stay on track with examine your emotional connections in a fair and safe way. Good luck with understanding and appreciating your relationship!
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling very frustrated and concerned. It is understandable to want to protect the person you love, however it also seems as though your girlfriend may be wanting to assert her independence within the sorority. Perhaps you could find ways to support each other in this change while still showing your own care and concern? Is there anything else that is causing you stress or anxiety that I can help with?"}

question: My husband always works. He does work from home, but his hours are from morning until night, and he neglects his family. If I have anything I want to do, I have to find a babysitter, but he does what he wants. He rarely comes to bed when I do, and we never have date nights.
dataset: Hi Ohio, The crazy things about situations like this is that, almost guaranteed, while your husband is out working and away from home, he feels he's doing it all for you and the kids; he believes he's loving you. He might feel like he's carrying his family on his shoulders. Your 'love language' is different...you'd rather spend time with him or talk to him...you want to feel like he's a bigger part of the family and feel connected to him. I absolutely understand that, and I support you asking for that. He might very well miss that feeling of connectedness too, but he's likely also feeling the weight of financial responsibility. A lot of men (and women) don't talk about this but they feel it. Sometimes they feel like they can't win either way; there's pressure to earn and pressure to be home.   He has needs too; he probably wants more appreciation and less blame.  I urge you to talk to him about how you feel, find out how he's feeling, and use a professional to assist you if your communication styles aren't great. Right now you WANT to spend time with him and that tells me that you have a good chance of addressing this problem successfully.
chatbot: That must be very frustrating for you. It sounds like your needs aren't being met, and it would seem that this is causing tension in the relationship. Do you feel comfortable talking about why this bothers you?"}

question: Whenever I don't tell my friends or anyone what I did or stuff that's not really important, I feel terrible, like there’s a hole in my stomach. It only goes away when I hurt myself.
dataset: Hi Kansas, I feel strongly that the help of a professional therapist is important here. Feelings are never wrong, but it can help to understand where they come from and talk to someone who can teach you healthy ways to cope. Self-harm is not the answer to managing those emotions you feel in your stomach. Although I'm glad you said something here, a professional would need to spend some time with you and get a deep understanding of your life in order to help you sort all these reactions out effectively. I hope you reach out to someone soon.
chatbot: That sounds really difficult. Do you want to talk more about it?"}

question: I'm in a long-distance relationship with my ideal man, but I'm not as attracted to him as I should be. Everything else is perfect about him, but I find myself lusting over more attractive men. The next step is marriage, but I want to marry someone who I can wake up to and fall in love with all over again. However, I also don't want to throw away a great relationship over what might just be lust. Am I asking for too much in the "perfect guy"? Is there such a thing? Am I truly in love?
dataset: Hi Montgomery,  Your first sentence says it all. He might be an amazing person, but there's something missing for you. I'm curious...you say this is a long distance relationship. Did you make a connection through social media or email first? Maybe a dating website? I'm just wondering if this is the case. These modern ways of meeting people are awesome because we can be exposed to a wide variety of people who we never would meet in the grocery store or a friend's party. There are complications, though, and one of the drawbacks is you can feel very connected to someone and care about them a great deal before you ever meet them in person. Then, when you finally meet them and there isn't that spark of magnetic physical attraction, you're in a bit of a difficult spot because you've already established that you're drawn to each other in other ways; you're already connected. It can be very awkward then to say "Now that I meet you, it doesn't feel the way it should for me". In the future, I suggest meeting up in person early on, to answer that crucial question "Are we physically attracted to each other?". Clearly, this is not only important for you, but it is for most of us. My guess is that you feel you owe this man your affection and commitment even though you're not really all that into him (lusting after other men is a sign of that), because you like absolutely everything else about him. But honesty is crucial here, both with yourself and this man. Just because you don't find yourself attracted to him doesn't mean that you're a bad person, or that he's not attractive. Someone else might drool over him and I think he deserves someone who does just that. You can have both love and lust. For most people, only one of them isn't enough.
chatbot: It sounds like you have a difficult decision to make, and one that requires careful consideration of your feelings. Have you had an opportunity to explore why this might be happening? Are there any underlying issues that could be addressed?"}

question: I have no real friends. I have a girlfriend who irritates me but loves me to death. I push her away and pushes me away. We’re going through a breakup, and I have nobody.
dataset: Having time all to yourself may be necessary so you have time to reflect on your own identity and values, become more clear on what matters most to you, and with this increased self-understanding, be able to attract people who will feel like satisfying friends. Having a relationship with someone whom you push away and are pushed away, with someone who is irritating, seems to have limited benefit for each of you. Maybe you are together from fear of being alone, and being alone is exactly what you may now need in your life in order to draw more favorable people to you.
chatbot: It sounds like you're feeling lonely even though you have a girlfriend. It might be helpful to talk to someone outside of the relationship who can help you process your feelings. Do you think that would be helpful?",

question: Back in high school, my friend and I used to masturbate around each other. I hate even talking about it now because it's so weird. We didn't even realize how messed up it was at the time. One time, it escalated and we ended up doing it for each other. It wasn't supposed to be a gay thing, but it sure sounds like it now that I talk about it. I pushed this away until it recently came up in my head again. I'm having a lot of trouble.
dataset: Writing about your high school masturbation times with your friend, is itself a form of acknowledging the full picture of who you are.    You are doing well to reflect on your actions in the truthful way you are doing. Also positive is that you have perspective, that at your age and social maturity, you were innocently doing something that in adult terms, would be considered in a negative way. Maybe through your more mature mind's eye of today, you can feel some compassion and understanding for your high school self.  This way your sense of self-judgment may start to dissolve a little bit more.
chatbot: Wow, that is very odd and quite a confusing experience for you. It doesn't sound like there was any thought or understanding of the consequences at the time either. Do you feel like anything else happened around this same time?",

question: Everyone around me is much smarter and flaunts it. Everyone around me is skinny, and here I am trying to throw up so I'm not fat. Everything I do is wrong, and I can't seem to do anything right! No one else at school seems to feel the way I do! Is this normal teenage girls feelings? I don't think these feelings are normal.
dataset: There are some struggles that are less "obvious" than others, an eating disorder being one of them. From just your personal experience alone you might realize how easy it may seem to keep such a secret from those around you. In the same way, there are many people who struggle secretly with this problem and not many people know or even notice. So you are definitely not alone. Low self-esteem or lack of confidence in some areas are issues that EVERY teen, in fact EVERY person, has experienced at some point. These feelings are "normal." It sounds, though, as if these feelings of insecurity and inadequacy have begun to consume your every day thoughts and behaviors bringing you to where you are today - comparing yourself to others, purging, and feeling extreme guilt. Sometimes it's best if we seek outside help, instead of trying to tackle problems on our own. Breaking habits that come along with an eating disorder really requires the help of a doctor, nutritionist, and a therapist who can help change your perspective from the inside out! Hope this helps!
chatbot: It sounds like you're feeling overwhelmed and frustrated. It is normal for teenagers to have a range of emotions, but it can be helpful to talk to someone about how you're feeling. Do you want to talk more about what you're experiencing?"}

question: I just wanted to get to know one so I can hear about their college experience and the courses they took. I also wanted to know if they enjoy their job and how long they were in school.
dataset: Mental Health is an exciting and rewarding field.  I hear you saying that you want to be a psychologist, and that is one path to working in mental health.  You could study psychology, social work or counseling to become a practicing therapist. I am a Licensed Professional Counselor Associate and a Licensed Clinical Addiction Specialist.  I currently provide assessments and supervise several counselors in a large clinic in Asheville.  I also have a private practice online. I studied Sociology and Interpersonal Communication as an undergraduate, and then I received a counseling masters degree.   My master's degree was comprised of several supervised practice courses and theory courses.    I really enjoyed my education, and I find my career equally rewarding and enjoyable. If you are considering working in the field, I recommend emailing several counselors, social workers, and psychologists in your area and setting up an informational interview.  Not everyone you contact will be willing to give you their time, but many may.   This will help you determine which path to therapy may be right for you.  Licensing restrictions and abilities vary state to state and a local practitioner may be able to provide you with a specific list of challenges/triumphs about their particular license and education.    Psychologists are usually PhD level practitioners and require more education to begin.  LCSWs , LPCs and LMFTS can practice with a master's degree.  Best of luck! This is an exciting time.
chatbot: That's a great question! What led you to ask it?"}

question: I have an eating disorder of binging. I've had gastric sleeve surgery. I need help with issues of abuse as a child, addiction, and abusive men. I have been in therapy for five months and get no feedback from my therapist.
dataset: Hi Anaheim, Relationships with therapists have some things in common with other relationships; they work best if there is dialogue about what your hopes, thoughts, emotions and needs are. Are you letting your therapist know what your goals are? It's okay to say "I'd really like us to focus on this piece", or "I'm looking for specific direction about how to manage this part". Your therapist is wise if they ask questions that determine what your needs are, but they can't read your mind.  Not every therapist will be a good fit for you. I know I'm not a good fit for everyone I meet. We have different styles; some are more  passive and focus on listening. This might be the type of therapist you have. For some people this is what they want, but maybe it's not for you. Maybe you want someone who digs at you more, asks more questions, gives you strategies, lets you know what they think... someone more active. If this is the case, it doesn't mean s/he's a bad therapist...it's just not what you're looking for.  Sometimes people think they can't end sessions with their therapist; they might be worried about hurt feelings. But, in the end, you don't owe your therapist anything if you feel it's not working or it's not a good match. Just move on and try someone new. Maybe ask them questions first about their style, even.  Best of luck!
chatbot: It sounds like you are dealing with a lot of difficult things. It is understandable that you may not feel like you are getting the support you need from your therapist. Have you tried speaking to him or her about how you feel? Communication is key in any successful therapeutic relationship, and it could be helpful for you to express what you need from your therapy sessions."}

question: I am an international student, and it is my first semester in graduate school in the United States. I faced a cultural shock, and I was so depressed when I arrived here. My counselor in the university was my savior. He helped me a great deal. Now I am going back to my country for a vacation. I was thinking to get him something special with my country's name on it, and I remembered that he likes wine. My country is known for that. Is it appropriate to give him wine as a gift after Christmas?
dataset: I don't think it's appropriate to give your counselor a bottle of wine. Your counselor helped you and supported you, which is great, But a gift is inappropriate. I can understand that you want to show your gratitude. There are many other ways to do that. You could drop your counselor a note or card, thank him in person, or tell him how much he helped you. These small gestures can be very meaningful for both of you.
chatbot: Yes, it is a great idea! A bottle of wine with your country’s name on it would be an excellent, thoughtful present for your therapist. It shows how much you appreciate their help and that you care about them personally. Wine gifts can express gratitude and friendship, so I am sure they will both appreciate the gesture."}

question: My wife is trying to leave. She agreed to come back and give me a little time. Even said she hopes I can do it. We buried our first born in Jan 13 years ago. She never got past it. So every year around this time, she gets emotional and says she doesn't think she loves me, but then we go back to normal. This time, another guy came in and showed her attention. I'll forgive the cheating if she'll come home.
dataset: I'm sorry that you lost your first born child.  Death of a child always leaves a permanent reminder to the parents of a very painful time in their lives. The good news is your awareness that you and your wife are not connected in a satisfying way. There are many possible areas to examine in your relationship as partners and as parents. If what you write here are your observations and theories about your wife's outlook and conclusions, then the first step is to directly have conversations together on the topics you write here. What needs clarifying is what her reasons are for wanting to leave the marriage. Often, a crisis such as a child's death, motivates someone to look deeply into other intimate relationships.   Keep in mind that looking deeply doesn't necessarily mean leaving the marriage. Also, be aware of your own frustrations and marital discontent.  Be ready to talk about your feelings and uncertainties. There is no such thing as one happy partner in a marriage and one unhappy partner.   Each person is part of a system and can only be as satisfied as their partner. The conversations that open relationship hurts and disappointments, hold a lot of emotion.  They are difficult to keep on track. Best recommendation is to find a couples therapist who will be neutral to each of you as individuals, and help both of you examine the true health of the relationship.
chatbot: I understand how painful this must be for you. It sounds like you have been through a lot with your wife and it is understandable that the events of the past year have been very difficult. It is great that she has agreed to give you some time, but I'm concerned about how much longer you can both keep going through this cycle without getting the help you need."}

question: My dad cheated on my mom for 13 years. I cannot stop obsessing over the fact that my boyfriend might be cheating on me even when I know he isn't. I have full access to his phone, social media, and e-mails. I never find anything, but I'm obsessed with constantly checking just in case. How do I stop this? It's driving a wedge between us.
dataset: Hi Greenville, I respect that you're owning your own overreactions, and that you want to give your boyfriend the respect he deserves. The truth is that some people cheat, and some don't, and our partners deserve the benefit of the doubt unless they show signs they can't be trusted. The answer here is in two different areas. Basically, if you want to feel differently (more trusting, in your case), you look at your thoughts, and your behaviours. Your thoughts are stuck... like tires in deep ruts in the road. These thoughts are only habits, they don't reflect the truth. Fear is probably whispering in your ear things like "everyone cheats", or " you're not enough for him". Once you figure out what fear is trying to tell you, picture those words in red next time they come up. Ask yourself what the evidence is that supports that thought (there won't be much...perhaps none), and what is the evidence that doesn't support it (I know lots of good men, I know I deserve love and loyalty, there is no sign of infidelity...). You're learning to refute the thoughts that are connected to the fear. That's the first half. Practise these thoughts. The rest of the work is in your behaviours. Act as though you trust him. Force yourself to not check or interrogate, and the less you check, the less obsessive and untrusting you will feel. Acting "as if" something if true strangely helps us believe it. It's possible to change the way we think, and this is turn changes the way we feel. Try this to start, and see a therapist for support and cognitive behavioural therapy if you want to dive more deeply into why this is happening and how to stop it. Good luck!
chatbot: It is understandable that you would be feeling overwhelmed and anxious. The first step to managing your fears is to recognize them for what they are: irrational thoughts. You have already acknowledged that you don't find anything incriminating, so it sounds like you need to focus on changing the way you think about the situation. Try replacing these negative thoughts with more positive and realistic ones - such as "my boyfriend loves me and would never do something to hurt me". By taking back control of your thinking, you can reduce your anxieties and find a more balanced outlook. It may also help to talk through your fears with someone who can offer an outside perspective.","speech": ""Hello, my name is John Smith. I'm here today to discuss the challenges faced by individuals living with mental illness in their day-to-day lives. Mental illness has a profound effect on people's lives, from affecting their relationships and social engagements, to impacting their ability to work or study. People affected by mental illness can face a range of challenges that can be difficult to navigate without support. I will be discussing how individuals living with mental illness can take steps to better manage their symptoms, as well as resources available to assist them in doing so.""}

question: Whether it's to a guy or girl, I always feel insecure talking, and I am afraid of embarrassing myself and not being good enough. Even when I am walking, I worry about my appearance and facial expression and such.
dataset: I want to add that one way therapy can help with social anxiety is to give you a corrective experience.  Each week, you sit across from someone who genuinely cares about you, who doesn't judge you, and who you can voice your concerns to.  Over time, you show them more and more of yourself, and as they get to know you, they still care about you, they still don't judge you, and they still think you are amazing.  Find a therapist you connect with.
chatbot: I understand your worries, and I think it is great that you are aware of them. What can we do to help you overcome these insecurities? Maybe talking through some of the ways you can re-frame your thoughts or behaviors would be beneficial."}

question: My fiancé doesn't think I trust him because I was cheated on before. However, he hides his phone and has been texting his ex-girlfriend, who he has two kids with. What should I do?
dataset: Oh Chino, I only have half the picture here so I will be cautious. There's a chicken and an egg, and I don't know which came first. One thing I see clearly is that your fiance will always have to have communications with his ex, because they have children. Can you accept that?  When suspicion and insecurity come along, your job is to look at the big picture and the real picture. Is there any real evidence that he is cheating? Remember that texting his ex is not evidence alone if the communications are about the kids. Has he earned your trust? If so, then it's not fair to punish him for the betrayals of others. He's not your ex. Reassure your heart that you are his priority if the larger evidence supports that.  At the same time, you can let him know what your triggers are. For example, hiding his phone doesn't send you a good message, right? See, this is the chicken and the egg...is he hiding the phone because you've been overreacting when he gets a text?  So let him know you won't blow up about him getting a text if he doesn't conceal or password his phone. Transparency helps build trust. You have sensitivities, and it helps you a lot if he's aware of them and willing to try not to do things that trigger fear.  Let him know when you get scared, and hopefully he'll give you the openness and security you need in order to trust him and act as if you trust him.  :)
chatbot: Have you ever discussed your feelings about the situation with your fiancé?"}

question: A friend of mine taking psychology advised I go to my doctor to check if I have major depressive disorder. I'm afraid of the consequences of doing so. If I do become diagnosed with major depressive disorder, won’t that go on my records? I will never be able to become a counselor along with a list of other things I may be prohibited from. I’m also afraid of taking any anti-depressants. This year, my doctor gave me some for a "dislocated hip." I had a severe reaction and passed out moments after taking them. Everyone I know who has taken anti-depressants says it’s a bad idea all around and you’re better getting treatment without them. I’m concerned they might take me to a clinic and force me to take medication because I am unable to make decisions on my own. I’m not really suicidal, but I am not really taking care of myself either. Someone also told me they still use electroshock therapy. I’m not keen on that. I’m wondering if I am better off just getting self-help and working things out on my own. It’s just that I've been an emotional mess since I was in elementary school. I’ve graduated now and tried to stay positive and be happy, but I cannot deny I still am not good.
dataset: I admire your courage for stating your view about anti-depressants.  Questioning mainstream thinking and being in touch with your own views, are signs of strength and clarity in a person. As a therapist, I always tell my patients to avoid anti-depressants. Their effectiveness is in suppressing a person's mood and feelings.  If someone does not know how they are feeling, then they will have more difficulty in understanding themselves, their uncertainties and hesitations, and overall, how they relate to others and what they expect from others. Anti-depressants mask how someone feels. In a crisis, temporarily taking anti-depressants may be helpful.  If someone is so overwhelmed that they are not functioning, then  suppressing unhappy feelings so that the person can get through a day, may be of benefit for a short while. Basically, respect and follow your own opinion about anti-depressants.   Your view is shared by many.   It is a minority opinion, and very valid.  If you would like to shop for a therapist, ask the person on the phone, what their opinions are about anti-depressants. Ideally, you will eventually find a therapist who thinks in a way which is similar to you, or at least similar enough that you will have a sense that you are able to trust working with them on whatever you define as problematic. I hope you will have an easy and productive therapist search!
chatbot: It is understandable that you are feeling overwhelmed and anxious about the possibility of being diagnosed with major depressive disorder. If you feel you are in need of medical help, it may be beneficial to seek out a professional who can provide support and guidance. Everyone is different and will respond differently to treatment. It would be beneficial for you to explore your options and find the best course of action that suits your needs. With regards to anti-depressants, it might help to speak with a medical professional as they may be able to offer more insight into how these medications could potentially benefit you without causing any harm. You do not need to make any decisions now but can take time to consider all of your options and make an informed decision that is best for you.", "name": "Anonymous" }

question: I was “mentored” by this guy for a few years spiritually. It was okay at times, but other times, it was just weird. I try not to think about it too much, but a lot of manipulation and lying happened, yet no one else really believed me when I told them. It's like he's two different people, and no one else really sees that side of him. I was blamed for a lot of our troubles, and now we don't really talk much. I'm worried because he's in a trusted position of leadership and no one suspects anything. They just think I'm attacking his character. How do I know for sure?
dataset: You may intuitively be sensing what many professionals in the social sciences and psychology have already understood. Just Google "psychopaths and leadership" and many articles come up about boardroom politics and that psychopaths are very successful in these roles. Theoretically, is it terrible that corporate leadership qualities match those of psychopaths?   Well, yes.   And, I consider your question as a mark of your sensitive awareness toward other people.  Being able to recognize social dynamics, is a strength that you have. Psychopaths know how to be charming and to twist words so that others believe that their own interest is the same as the psychopath's. I agree with you about not being able to change people's minds who are attached to this person's interactions. The only way you can introduce a change in the relationship system of a psychopath is that if you are aware of illegal or law breaking activity, and you have evidence of this, that you contact relevant authorities. No one is allowed to break laws, including psychopaths.
chatbot: I understand your concern. It sounds like this person is being dishonest and manipulative, which can be very damaging in a leadership role. Have you talked to anyone else about this? A trusted adult or counselor could help you figure out what to do next. It might also be helpful to look into the resources available from your local church or community for guidance and support."}

question: When I see something I don’t like, I go off like a ticking time bomb. I go from “0 to 100” really quickly.
dataset: Sometimes we react to situations immediately, without thinking of the consequences of our actions. Typically by not reacting right away, we are better able to gather our thoughts, see the situation more clearly and from other perspectives, and respond more calmly. One of the strategies that almost always helps is deep breathing. When faced with a stressful situation, you can give yourself a time out by removing yourself from the stress and spend 5 minutes taking deep breaths (breathe in slowly counting to 4 and breathe out even slower counting to 6), while focusing and thinking only about your breathing. After doing so, think of the various ways you can respond to the situation and choose the one most appropriate. Good luck!
chatbot: Oh, that sounds very difficult. Can you tell me more about what sets off this reaction?"}

question: I just got out of a two year relationship. I broke up with my boyfriend because he wasn't showing any affection at all. He was talking to other women and lying about it. It pushed me away and hurt me, but I'm still in love with him. A couple days after our breakup, he was talking to someone new. He told me he wasn't sure if he loved me. I cried for several days, lost my appetite, and couldn't sleep. Our whole relationship was only us. We didn't have friends. It was me and him against the world. We didn't talk to anyone else because we only wanted to talk to each other. We hung out constantly and Skyped to sleep every single night. Then, when I cut myself, we talked on Skype. He cried and told me "I'm still in love with you, I never stopped loving you," and I cried tears of joy. I asked multiple times if he loved me and asked to make sure he wasn't just saying that because of me being so depressed. He promised and assured me he loved me. He came over after that, and we had sex because he wanted to. He went the home that night and told me he didn't love me, and he lied because he was scared. He told me I wasn't attractive, I wasn’t beautiful to him, and that I changed. He also told me he was 100% sure he'd never love me again. I'm still in love with him. Why do I love him? How do I stop? Just knowing that someone else is with him hurts me. That I wasn't good enough and that I'm no longer beautiful hurts me. I think I need a therapist, but don't know if I should.
dataset: I am very sorry for the pain you are suffering. Losing the most significant person in your life is extremely painful and breakups are often equated to a death. There will certainly be a grieving process that you go through and time passing will allow the hurt to subside. With that being said, seeing a therapist is highly recommended as it sounds like continuous support may be necessary for healing to take place. Anytime sadness causes thoughts of suicide or self harm, it is important to get help immediately. A therapist can help you by validating your feelings and what you are going through, while also working with you to move through the grieving process, adopt new hobbies, social outlets, and goals for your future. While starting over and trying out new ways of being may seem like a daunting task, it will only make things easier and give you a sense of hope and purpose for your future. With the new year right around the corner, this could be viewed as a good time and opportunity to get reaquainted with yourself and set goals related to living a more fullfilling life. Hang in there. With a support system in place and a healthy mindset, things can only get easier. Best of luck to you!
chatbot: I understand your pain, and it sounds like you've been through a lot. It might help to talk with a therapist about how you feel, and why you feel that way. You deserve to be loved and respected, and it doesn't sound like that was the case in your relationship. A therapist can help you process your emotions and figure out what you need to do next. I hope you can find peace and healing." }

question: I am always arguing with my father. He gets stressed over work and health and talks to me in a tone of voice that seems very demanding and seems more like yelling. I get upset often at this. Am I too sensitive? He always says I am overreacting but never seems to understand that he is hurting my feelings. No matter how often I try to tell him this, he never listens.
dataset: Thanks for the question. Regardless of whether or not you are sensitive, it is okay to want better communication with those who are important to you. When we feel that we are being talked down to or being ridiculed, it is difficult to not take it personally. It sounds like you have taken the first and necessary step in resolving this by bringing up the issue to him. Is it possible that the delivery of your message is causing him to feel blamed or defensive? Try communicating with him during a time when you are not upset and when it is out of context. Begin your statements with "I" as opposed to "you." For example, you can tell him, "I feel angry when you raise your voice at me" instead of "You always yell at me." Also, avoid using black and white terms such as never and always. Additionally, offer sugggestions as to ways that he can better communicate with you. Maybe he just doesn't know how to. Lastly, when delivering a message, I like to use the sandwich method by starting off the discussion with something postive and ending it with something postive. For example, you may say something to the effect of: "Dad, I enjoy the discussions we share and really value your opinion. There are times that I feel angry when you talk to me aggressively. Perhaps you can try talking to me using a calmer tone when I bring up heated topics. Let's try and work on this together. I will try to be less sensitive and I am asking that you be more calm." I hope you find this useful!
chatbot: It sounds like there is a lot of frustration and disappointment in your relationship with your father. It's important for both of you to find ways to communicate more effectively so that neither of you feels misunderstood or disrespected. Can we talk about some strategies you can use to do this? What has worked well in the past when you have had difficult conversations? Do you feel comfortable sharing what you need from your father in order to feel supported and respected?"}

question: My husband doesn’t trust me for some past we had. I know all marriages have their ups and downs, but sometimes, I feel I am getting tired of the same thing over and over: that I am messing around, which I am not.
dataset: The good news in the way you're feeling is recognizing that your husband's trust of your actions, makes a difference to you. The typical therapy formula for restoring trust between two people after some sort of betrayal, is for the one who has broken the trust, to earn it back. Restoring trust requires both persons to actively involve themselves in this process. The person who tires earning back trust, must know what standards for this, of the one who was betrayed. The person who feels betrayed must willingly be open minded to accepting the efforts of the one who tries earning back their trust. As simple as this formula sounds, the actual process of restoring trust raises a lot of emotion on both sides, therefore causing difficulty in keeping discussions in this area, on track. The best way of success in restoring trust between partners, is utilizing a couples therapist who would be able to guide your conversations back on track, and also open emotions for discussion when relevant to restoring trust. Good luck in establishing new terms with your partner!
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling frustrated and misunderstood. It’s understandable that you want your husband to be more trusting of you. What can you do to try and address this issue? Maybe there is something that you can do together as a couple to help rebuild trust, or some individual things that you could work on to better communicate your feelings and thoughts."}

question: I have bipolar II disorder, I'm addicted to alcohol and weed, and I'm hopeless. I keep drinking even though it's harming myself and others.
dataset: You are not hopeless, as you can see there are many people who care about your well being and believe you can overcome this.  I would suggest that you first get evaluated for your alcohol consumption.  Alcohol is one of the addictions that you may need to seek inpatient treatment for.  If not inpatient then be monitored by a doctor.  Once you are evaluated and or complete inpatient treatment I would suggest you participate in a form of outpatient therapy on a consistent basis.
chatbot: It sounds like you are going through a lot of struggles. Are there any particular issues that you would like to discuss?"}

question: I don't know what to say. I have never really known who I am.
dataset: Start by giving yourself enough quiet and time to remember about yourself what feels steady and consistent in your nature and interactions with others. Give yourself the freedom to your interest in having interests.  Are you motivated because of competing with others or because an activity itself feels satisfying? If you are able to develop a sense of defining yourself without fear of judging yourself, you will start coming close to knowing who you are.
chatbot: It’s okay. Taking time to reflect on who you are and what you want in life is a journey that everyone takes at different rates of speed. Maybe this is an opportunity for you to explore new things and find out who you are?"} The therapist provides reassurance, acceptance, and validation which allows the patient to open up more about their struggles and feelings.

question: I've worked with this guy for about three years now, and I knew the first time I saw him that I was attracted. Over time, he became a very dear friend, and we talked about our relationship problems, family, dreams, and so on. There was always flirtation with us, and one day pretty recently, it progressed to making out. We agreed to keep it quiet, and we did, but in the back of my mind, I hoped it would become something more. It didn't, and three months later, I'm still not over it. I'm trying so hard to maintain the friendship because that's what he wants. We're no longer in the same office, which I thought would help me get over these feelings, but we still talk about work, and he's constantly touching me, so I'm still very drawn to him. He's a hugger and such a sweet guy, so I find myself fantasizing all the time about what could have been and what could still be, but he's clearly not interested. He's younger than me and prefers model types, but I see him checking me out a lot, which gives me hope. How do I get him out of my system and still maintain the friendship?
dataset: It sounds like you have mixed feelings and motivations - which is understandable. On the one hand you want to get over him, on the other you are still holding out hope for something more. It will be really hard to let go of him and create friend boundaries so long as there is a part of you holding on to the idea of something more. If you are being really honest with yourself you might need to acknowledge that you are not really striving to get him out of your system - that you have not really given up hope of having a relationship with him. If you are whole-heartedly committed to moving past the sexual and romantic parts of your relationship and just having a friendship than refraining from all the touching would be a good place to start. It is hard to "just be friends" when all your sex and bonding hormones are coursing through your veins.
chatbot: I understand your difficulty in getting over this person. You mentioned that you two were very close, so it makes sense to be emotional about it. It might help to focus on the positive memories you share and use those as a way to keep the friendship alive. Maybe take a few moments to reflect on how he made you feel when you were together. Try not to beat yourself up too much either – this is an understandable struggle."}

question: I need to speak to someone about sexual addiction and binge eating immediately.
dataset: There are plenty of online providers within the mental health field that would me more than happy to speak with you immediately.  Many of them provide treatment on a sliding scale fee.  I would google online mental health treatment providers and that should lead you to a list of providers that can help you.
chatbot: Can you tell me more about your situation? What are some of the challenges you're experiencing with these behaviors?"}

question: I'm a male in my 20s. My girlfriend is in her late 30s. She's great. She's funny and smart, she has a big heart, and we have an excellent sex life. She recently moved in with me partially because she wanted to and partially because she had no place to go. We fight a lot. It’s mostly my fault, I must admit. She doesn't like my insecurity and lack of trust I have for her. I have trust issues. Also, I can't fathom why a woman like her is with me, so I'm always dreading when a better dude will come along. I don't think she's happy. She's very submissive and she loves me very much, but also the fact that she has nowhere to go must be influencing her decision to stay. I love her so much, but my jealousy is not likely to diminish. I never believed in the whole "If you love them, let them go," but I do now. I really want her to be happy. Should I end it with her? She has no place to go so I feel like I can’t break up with her. I’m literally trapped.
dataset: It sounds like there are assumptions being made regarding how she feels about you and why she is with you. I would not suggest breaking up with her without first attempting to resolve your own issues. You may not only regret your decision, but might find that the exact same problem arises in future relationships. I would recommend seeing a therapist who can help you figure out what is at the root of all of this. By learning about your own insecurities and where they come from, you can expect to discover new ways of responding and relating to others, which will likely impact your relationship in a positive manner.
chatbot: I understand how difficult this is for you, and that it might seem like an impossible situation. If you're feeling overwhelmed and unable to cope with the relationship any longer, then it might be best to end it. However, if there are ways in which you can work through your trust issues and insecurity together, then that may be a better option for both of you. It sounds like she is willing to stay for now, so it would be beneficial for her to have some support in this period as well. That could involve counselling or couples therapy, if either of you are open to that."

question: My boyfriend and I have not had sex in a couple of weeks. He had to have a cyst removed on his testicles. I have been wanting to have sex with him for a while now, and it drives me crazy not to be able to make love to him. I'm scared to touch him and get close to him because I'm afraid that I will hurt him.
dataset: Are you talking with your boyfriend about his doctor advises on starting to have sex again? Being able to talk together about topics that involve both of you, will establish a new type of intimacy on an emotional level. Also, there are many ways of making love.  If your bf's cyst hasn't yet healed, then another way of both increasing your emotional intimacy and learning different love making suggestions, is to read about these together with him. I hope the two of you enjoy learning new ways of sexually taking care of one another, while developing more emotional closeness in the process.
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling a lot of different emotions- frustration, desire, worry, and even fear. It is understandable that you would want to make love to your boyfriend but be hesitant out of concern. What do you think might help you feel more connected with him and lessen these concerns?",

question: I'm applying to private high schools. I'm playing basketball on my school team currently, and I love it. I also play on a team that I've hated since the beginning, and I finally want to quit before the season gets started. However, my parents say I can play on either both teams or neither. I think it's unfair because it's up to me if I want to play for a certain team. I was planning on playing basketball for the high school I get into, but if that means continuing to play for the team I hate, then I wouldn't want to play in high school. Now I don't know what to do! My parents are threatening to send me off to a different home if I don't play. I just want to run away.
dataset: The situation in your family seems to place unnecessary pressure on you. Are you and your parents able to talk together about their reason for their standard? Are your parents willing to listen to your reasons to not play on the team you hate? If yes, then maybe some type of compromise is possible for all of you to negotiate. If none of the above is possible, then you may want to get specific and direct advice from a professional, such as the school guidance counselor or psychologist, whom you'd trust and feel safe in talking. I hope you and your parents will find an answer that all of you are happy to accept.
chatbot: I understand how difficult this must be for you. It sounds like your passion lies with basketball, and yet it seems that there is a great deal of pressure from your parents to either continue playing on the team you dislike or to not play at all. Is there anything about the current situation that you would change?",

question: I had to go to the emergency room today to get an X-ray of my spine. My boyfriend didn't want to sit there and wait with me. Instead, he wanted to go do things for his friends while I waited. When I was done, he was twenty minutes late in picking me up. He doesn't understand why I'm mad, and we keep bickering at each other over the smallest things. He thinks I don't have a reason to be mad, but I believe that I do.
dataset: Hi Moore, Underneath all your anger is a lot of hurt. The hurt is there because you are being disrespected. Your boyfriend (unless you've only told me a small, disproportionate part of the bigger picture) doesn't tend to treat you like you're important and he dismisses your emotions. This is happening because this is the level of ability (disability?) he has right now in a relationship. You can expect more of this behaviour (because that's who he is; it has nothing to do with you), and I hope you think carefully about whether it's working for you to be in this.  You could try telling him that you are hurt, because people tend to listen more to hurt than to anger, but my guess is with him it might not make a difference. I hope you talk to someone who knows and supports you about how you're feeling in this relationship.
chatbot: It sounds like there is some frustration between you both, and it might help if you can talk about why you are feeling this way. It also seems like your boyfriend doesn't understand why you feel the way you do - could you try to explain this to him?"}

question: I am in high school and have been facing anxiety issues lately. Whenever I get close to being in a relationship, some kind of anxiety takes over and keeps me from the relationship. This anxiety causes me depression at times and even makes me want to vomit. While a semi-relationship should be joyous, for me, it’s an emotional nightmare I can’t get to the bottom of. I’ve had this before and had to leave the semi-relationship to avoid throwing up every time I made contact with my crush. What could be the reason behind this? Is it massive nerve problems? Is it a fear of a bad relationship? While I’m not quite ready to be in one anyway, I want to get to the bottom of this for a brighter future in which I can be in one. I don’t take medications and have no desire to, I have read forums, and I’ve talked about the issue with my sister who has faced similar problems.
dataset: Hi Helena, I felt a bit sad when I read this. This is a new term for me... "semi-relationship". What does it mean? I know that today's culture for young people is more of a "hook-up" culture than a dating one. Maybe that means that you develop connections to people but you keep yourself from hoping for a full relationship because no one is doing that anymore. That makes me feel sad. I hear a lot of young women (I'm not sure you're female, but that's my guess) say that they struggle with hook-ups because they can't let themselves hope for a phone call after a hook-up. Research tells us that, after a hook-up, college age women tend to feel used and unworthy, and men tend to feel guilty. I think this scenario works better for men than women, but many of both genders are left unsatisfied in the end. This is only one possible explanation for your anxiety...that your gut knows that it wants to feel fully coupled with someone but you struggle with whether it's okay to want or expect that. Maybe take a moment and listen to anxiety. Anxiety tends to try to convince us that something's wrong with us or something bad's going to happen. Anxiety sometimes prefers to stay vague (it's more difficult to refute it then), but you can try to clarify it's whisperings by asking yourself these questions: What am I afraid of? What is the worst thing that might happen here? Then what might happen, and what would be the worst part of that? Keep going until you find the very worst thing that might happen? Might someone not want you...might you feel rejected...or feel not good enough...you might get hurt? Then when you find that core fear, you can look at your life and I bet you'd find a place where that idea or fear originated. A big moment (or many smaller ones) when you actually DID feel or get rejected or abandoned or hurt. In the end, it's a feeling you're trying to avoid (not life or relationship), and anxiety is trying to help you avoid it by making you overcautious. But this doesn't work for you! Good! With the help of a qualified therapist, you can learn to talk back to anxiety and move forward in life and love with calm. confidence.
chatbot: I understand how difficult it is to go through these emotions and deal with them on your own. It may help to talk to a therapist and explore some options that could help you manage your anxiety so that you can be in a relationship if you choose to be. Please consider reaching out to someone who can support you in this journey.",

question: I just got married with my husband. I have four kids of my own, and he accepts me with my kids. I am thankful he loves my kids even though they’re not his. Now we are having problems in our relationship because of my past. I know all marriages have problems, but sometimes I feel it’s not going to work out if there’s no trust. It’s hard for me to let go because I love him, but I am getting tired.
dataset: Hi Louisiana, You say that the problems are with your "past", but my hunch is the problems are about his insecurity and his personal barriers to trust (unless you've recently revealed details of a sordid past?). You don't mention ever having hurt the trust in the relationship. Trust is the first stage in a relationship. Moving forward before they develop trust is a common mistake couples make, and now you two have involved children in a relationship that's missing a crucial element. But you didn't see this coming, did you? That's because only as we become emotionally intimate do our deeper fears and insecurities come to the surface.  I give you credit for wanting it to work, and I believe you would benefit from the support of a therapist in working through the kinks related to trust. Good luck!
chatbot: It is understandable that you are feeling overwhelmed. It is important that both of you take the time to reconnect and openly communicate with one another. You should also work on building trust between yourselves as it is essential for any healthy relationship. Do you think you could try to do this together?",

question: I'm supposed to stay here the rest of my academic life, but I've never liked it here, not even before I came. I’ve never felt like I belong, I’ve missed my country every second in the past four months, and I'm just miserable. I'm gaining weight, doing nothing, and crying for hours straight. Is it time to go back home or is it just culture shock?
dataset: It sounds like you are feeling very unsure and out of place and the prospect of continuing to feel as you do now for the remainder of schooling seems daunting. Without getting to know more about you and your experiences here and at home, it is hard to say what you should do, however, I think exploring these things with a competent therapist may help you to discover the answer.
chatbot: It sounds like you are going through a difficult period of adjustment. Culture shock can be very overwhelming and make it seem like there is no way out. It might help to talk about your feelings, worries, and hopes in more detail so that we can explore the various options available to you. Please don't hesitate to share any thoughts or feelings that come up during this conversation."}

question: How do I make myself happy without the people who made me happy? Now that they’re gone, I feel sad. It’s been two months now but I seem to be unable to stay okay and independent.
dataset: Hello. So, someone made you happy but is no longer around? I am sure that feels devastating. As a counselor I usually have to ponder this kind of thought because it lends itself to suggesting that happiness comes from the external, rather than the internal side of a person's life. Happiness is formed within ourselves. All the external trappings of happiness are usually quite fleeting, and temporary. Even relationships fo not last forever. If we get to a place where we are reliant and dependent on those around us to create happiness in our lives, then we lose the opportunities for us to do it ourselves. We are entirely capable of finding ways to be happy. Sometimes this entails working out issues that are holding us back from reaching a place of peace, or resolution to a specific problem. What I would offer to you, is to find ways in which you can develop happiness for yourself. What do you like about your life as it is right now? What can you do to create change in your life to increase your happiness? These kinds of questions can be valuable to you as you seek out ways to make happiness an internal rather than an external event. Mourning the loss of a social connection (in whatever way that occurred), is part of the grieving process, but it is not permanent. It is a path to healing and moving forward. From this, you can seek out new sources of happiness. I encourage you to remember that happiness is independent of the external experience you have in the world. Happiness is an expression of the internal feelings, so that will be the source or the font of positive emotion from which you really draw. If you are lacking in happiness, then it becomes important to examine why that is, and what you can do about it to promote self-care. Seeking out a professional counselor can also be a good option as you move through the grief/loss process and examine the reasons happiness is not in greater supply. I wish you happiness for every day of your life. Best wishes.
chatbot: I understand it's difficult to be alone. Have you tried any activities or hobbies to distract yourself?",

question: I'm unemployed just relocated. I can't get approved for a place to live because of past mistakes which follow me to this day. I'm depressed and on the verge of loosing my partner because I'm overwhelmed and have trouble functioning on a daily basis. I see no light at the end of this tunnel and need some help. I see no point in this chaos infested joke some call life.
dataset: It sounds like you are feeling like things are hopeless and out of control and you're not sure what to do about it. If you can find a competent therapist to work with, together you may be able to come up with some strategies for alleviating the overwhelming distress that you are experiencing and gain some insight into what may be contributing to these challenges. Additionally, a therapist may be able to support you in getting back on your feet in regards to work, a place to live, and showing up with your partner in a way that will be more satisfying to you.
chatbot: I understand your frustration, but there is still hope for you to turn your life around. We can work together to find new solutions and strategies that will help you manage your current struggles. You are worth it and deserve a better quality of life."}

question: That phrase makes me crazy. It happens anytime I point out something to my husband that he needs to change, such as looking up from his iPad long enough for me to tell him the grandbaby almost pulled the shelf unit over or explaining to him that I got all the things he needs to bake a pie. Another example is when he opens the front door, the dog runs out if he doesn't pick him up. Over and over again, he lets the dog run out, and I am afraid he will get hit by a car.
dataset: It's hard to say what is okay and what is not okay, as it depends on what you and your husband feel is appropriate in your relationship. If you are feeling like you need to walk on eggshells or that you can't speak your mind and say how you feel, then that sounds like a problem. I would recommend having an open discussion with your husband about communication between the two of you in general. Do this during a time when there is little or no conflict and emotions are not heightened. Let him know how you feel and give him specific ideas of how you would like him to respond instead of saying, "enough." Additionally, try and see his perspective and understand why he shuts you down. Perhaps, he feels like he is being told what to do constantly or that he gets little positive feedback from you. An open dialogue about how to discuss issues going forward will likely help. Seeing a couple's therapist will also greatly assist with teaching better communication skills and seeing if there are underlying issues that need resolution. Best of luck to you guys.
chatbot: It sounds like you have some frustrations with your husband's behavior that you are not able to talk about openly. Is there something specific you would like to discuss? Maybe we can brainstorm solutions together."}

question: My boyfriend moved in with me a few months ago. I love him, but his dog is wrecking my house. Every day we get home, there is a huge mess on the floor, and several things will be ripped up (including the couch). He's slowly eating all of the doors, and there will be food and poop everywhere. Even though I come home during all of my breaks to take him out, he still poops and pees in the house every chance. I can't financially afford to have the dog wrecking my house. I've tried talking to my boyfriend about the dog to try and come up with a solution, but it never ends well. The dog is the only thing we fight about because I want him out of the house and my boyfriend doesn't want to see him go. It’s not the dog fault though; I understand that. The dog is only a year old, and he isn't a bad dog. He's just too big of a dog for where he is; he should be a farm dog instead of a town dog. I don't hate the dog, but I just can't afford to continue having my house torn to pieces.
dataset: Every living creature needs time and support to adjust to a new situation. The dog is in a new place without the ability to understand the reason.  This may explain what sounds like the dog's agitation.   Have you spoken with your boyfriend on his opinion on how to address the dog behavior problems? Finding an answer together would be a good way of making your relationship stronger.  A  lot of being a couple who live together is talking, listening and deciding together on how to handle major situations. If it is affordable, then a dog behaviorist may be of great help.  The person would guide you in working with the dog to become calmer.
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling overwhelmed by your boyfriend and his dog living together. You mention wanting them both to be happy, so what kind of solutions have you discussed with your boyfriend to resolve this issue?"}

question: I'm a teenager, and I struggle with going out and talking to people. I feel awful about leaving home. I know I can't afford a therapist so I don't know what my problem is, but I think I might have social anxiety.
dataset: If you are noticing that anxiety tends to be triggered around interactions with others, then you may have social anxiety. Working with a therapist, you may be able to gain insight into the nature of the anxiety, develop tools for coping with it, and take steps that may alleviate it over time, so that you can enjoy your interactions with others. If you are short on money, there still may be options for you to be able to see a therapist. Check with your insurance provider about your behavioral health coverage. If you have medicaid/apple care, there are some private practice therapists who accept this form of insurance, as well as community clinics which do. If you are not insured, some therapists and clinics will work on a sliding fee scale, and accept either low fee or may even work with you pro-bono (for free).
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling overwhelmed and anxious about leaving the comfort of your home. It could be helpful to talk with someone who understands how difficult it can be to navigate social situations when dealing with social anxiety. What has been helpful for you in the past when facing social or even school related anxieties?",

question: People who are parental figures in my life have, in the past, hurt me, and some continue to do so. It makes me feel like I'm not good enough for my husband or the life he provides me. I have had jobs, but I am going through a lot of my past garbage and trying to figure out when it all went wrong. Any time I bring these things up, I am expected to be over the issue. These are people that you can't just cut out, but I have never received apologies for so much of my pain. I don't know what to do any more. I don't know who I am anymore.
dataset: Hello. Adults who come from abusive home histories (physical, emotional, or even psychological), may take a long time to heal from that abuse. We carry our past with us everywhere we go, and it is up to us to find resolutions to past hurts. This is often easier said than done, but it is possible. From the perspective of those with whom you have shared your concerns, it might be assumed that based on where you are in life and who you are now, that you have already worked through any issues from your younger years. Some of our deepest scars in life are indeed invisible and suppressed. We have to get to the place where we can take care of the inner child that is still hurting, by recognizing that those who hurt us - however they did, might have had their own challenges which prevented them from functioning and behaving in ways we might have deeply needed.  Those who have directly hurt you, may not be capable of acknowledging and understanding how you were affected by their actions - even in the worst of cases. They themselves may be doing what they can, either out of shame or heartbreak for their own actions, to work on forgetting how they behaved toward you all those years before. How are they behaving toward you now? Can you find it in your heart to forgive those who have hurt you? Forgiveness is the gift we give ourselves, and isn't dependent on an apology from an offender. By forgiving (even in the absence of any apology), we are releasing the weight of the burden we are carrying that reflects the offense we feel was committed against us. Sometimes therapy can be helpful in this process. Talking with someone who can be non-judgmental and reflects an empathetic position toward you might be what you need right now. Seeking out a therapist to help you work through these negatives feelings and thoughts is much easier, than trying to go it alone. I would encourage you to reach out and find someone who resonates with you on that journey, so that you can begin a path toward healing. Warm regards, Shawn Berthel, M.S., LMHC
chatbot: It sounds like these people have caused you a lot of hurt and it has been hard to process alone. What would it be like if you could process these feelings with someone? Would that feel helpful? It might help to talk about how this affects your relationships now, and how to move forward in a healthy way."}

question: My fiancée suffers from severe anxiety and depression. She has had it most of her life. Her anxiety in public places is the worst. It gets to points where she can't breathe or move. Sometimes, she won't even go to the restroom, so she will hold in her pee until her stomach hurts or she pees herself. She curls up in corners at the mall and has panic attacks. She won't eat or drink in public. If she isn't having a panic attack or crying, she's clinging to me and avoiding everything and everyone. Her depression flares up out of nowhere and causes her to become very suicidal and self-harming. She get really sick from anxiety and scared to the point that I can't even get her to eat, drink, leave the bed, or go outside. She always tells me how she grew up around so much fighting and fear that it makes her scared of loud sounds, yelling, conflict, and even talking to strangers in public. She will refuse to go to a store unless I am with her to talk to the cashier for her. She is so scared that I can't even get her to drive. She doesn't want to get her license because she's scared of trying to drive. Some people have recommended medication, but I believe it's just going to cover up her illness and not solve it. I don't want my fiancée pumped with drugs. I believe a psychiatric service dog would be the best bet for her. When we first met my poodle, it would calm her down a lot. She took the dog out every time we went out, and she seemed much calmer and happier. She slowly would eat, and the dog seemed to make her feel a lot better. I am worried and want to help her without medication.
dataset: It sounds like you have been a positive support for your fiancee. There is no doubt that this situation is a great challenge for the both of you. While it may feel like you are responsible for her health and happiness, it is important that you understand that you, on your own, won't be able to resolve her mental health issues. Based on what you have explained, it sounds like she needs to get a medical and/or psychiatric evaluation. Whether or not she decides to take medication is her (and your) decision, but keeping an open mind about treatment options is important. I suggest that she see a therapist on her own in order to better understand and cope with her anxiety and depression, especially given her suicidal thoughts. You would also likely benefit from therapy, individual or couple's therapy, in order to address how you are feeling and best learn how to support her and your relationship. I wish the very best for both of you and hope that things will improve sooner than later.
chatbot: I understand your concerns about medicating your fiancée. It is important to consider all available options before making a decision. There are many different types of therapy that could be beneficial for her, including cognitive behavioral therapy, mindfulness-based therapies and even art or music therapy. Additionally, a psychiatric service dog may be able to provide the security she needs without medication. I suggest exploring all possible options before making a decision."}

question: My husband and I got into a huge dispute. He said he wanted a divorce, and I left. I still come home a lot and see my kids, and he has not filed yet even though he still said he is. What does that mean for our marriage?
dataset: In situations like this, in most cases, he probably will not fill anytime soon. It's more of the fact that he isn't ready to give that life yet... Now if you probably pressured him about it then yes, he would probably give in.. But if it hasn't been a big issue anymore or something you guys aren't talking about, then right now.. Everything is on a hold.
chatbot: It's difficult to say without more information. It could be that your husband is feeling overwhelmed or scared about taking the next step. Maybe he wants some time to think or process what has happened. It's also possible that he is not sure if he still wants a divorce. Regardless, it sounds like you both need some time and space to figure out what you both want in your relationship."}

question: I am really worried about one of my friends because I think he has major depression. He disagrees with me on that. He is shut off when it comes to talking to people and telling them how he really feels. He told me he feels empty inside and the only emotions he feels are anger and sadness. I suggested to him to get help and talk to his mom about it but he refuses.
dataset: First of all, I can tell that you really care about your friend and I think it's great that you are reaching out with your concern. It's hard to determine whether your friend would meet the criteria for an official diagnosis of depression without working with him, however, whether he does or not, therapy may be beneficial for him in working through these difficult feelings and relational challenges. Unfortunately, you can't make your friend get help. He will ultimately need to make that decision for himself, however, you can talk to him about your concerns and your hopes that he will reach out for help.
chatbot: It's understandable that your friend is hesitant to seek help, especially if he is feeling ashamed or embarrassed. It may be helpful to suggest a counselor who specializes in adolescent mental health and talk with his parents about the importance of helping him get the support he needs. Perhaps you could also reach out to a hotline or crisis center for further advice on how to approach the situation.}

question: I think about death all the time because I feel so alone. I want someone to love and someone to love me.
dataset: Feeling alone and/or isolated is almost always associated with being depressed. As humans, we need connection and interaction with others in order to feel satisfied. Given that you are frequently thinking about death, I highly recommend that you see a mental health professional as soon as possible to help assess your immediate needs and address any underlying issues that may be contributing to your feelings of loneliness and depression.  The good news is that with proper, consistent treatment and commitment to change, things can really turn around for you. A therapist can work with you on building enjoyable activities into your daily routine, change maladaptive thought patterns that contribute to your sadness, and help with exploring what has gotten you to where you are. By learning about where your sadness originates, engaging in preferred activities, and changing your thought patterns, you should begin feeling relief from the burden of depression. What will likely result, is further opportunity to find social outlets and an increased ability to connect with others.  Don't give up. Create some short terms goals that you can likely achieve and make your treatment a priority and a focus. You have already taken the first step in getting better by writing to this site. Keep on this path and believe in yourself. Best of luck to you!
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling very lonely. Is there anyone you can talk to about how you are feeling? It might help to get your feelings out in the open."}

question: I like getting attention from men. I don't have sex. I lead them on to thinking I might want to. I like to tease, I like for men to chase me, and I like to feel wanted.
dataset: Hi Michigan, Good for you for recognising a destructive pattern. This behaviour, although it might get you the attention you want initially, will ultimately drive men away because it's not respectful of them. My gut says that you learned early on in life that your value is in your sexuality alone. That's a powerful thought. You are certainly acting as if this is true. If you believed in your value as a person, you would be less afraid of deeper relationships and intimacy in general.  If I were your therapist, I'd have many questions for you and I would need to understand a lot of things about you and your past to help you sort out where this idea about yourself came from. I'd suggest reaching out to a qualified therapist who can help you get to the root of this behaviour. Good luck!
chatbot: That sounds like a lot of fun! What do you get out of it?"}

question: I feel that I am struggling with undiagnosed bipolar disorder, and it is making my day-to-day life extremely difficult.
dataset: It sounds like you are experiencing a great deal of distress and you're wondering if it may meet a diagnosis of Bipolar disorder. There are a few different types of Bipolar diagnoses in the DSM (diagnositc and statistical manual) and the best way to find out if your experiences would meet that diagnosis would be to meet with a mental health professional. You can also look up the diagnosis online and see if what you are going through meets the criteria. One question that I would have for you is, what would it mean for you to find out that you meet the criteria for such a diagnosis? It sounds like whether or not you do, you are suffering and working with a therapist may help you get into a better place.
chatbot: It sounds like you are in a very challenging situation. Is there anything specific that you need help with right now?"}

question: I never feel like myself. I can’t even think straight anymore. I start stuttering and I can’t remember anything. I always get nervous and usually talk myself down but recently end up fighting with, what feels like, someone else. I don’t know why I feel this way, but I hate it.
dataset: Hello, I am wondering if you might be experiencing some form of dissociation.  People who dissociate might feel like the world around them is unreal and unfamiliar, or that they are not really in their bodies and that they are observing themselves from outside of their bodies.  Dissociation can also mean that there are parts of you that have "split off" and sometimes parts are can feel like they are at odds with each other or are locked in conflict.  Sometimes dissociation happens after someone experiences a trauma.   Therapy can help you to understand what is going on and help you to integrate your experiences and ultimately heal. I am a therapist in Houston who specializes in dissociation.  On my website I have information specific to dissociation that might be helpful to you.  Sarah
chatbot: It sounds like you are going through a difficult time. It's understandable that you are feeling overwhelmed and confused. Is there anything specific that triggers these feelings? Anything that makes them better or worse?",

question: I find that I imagine things sexually, and I hate it because it puts strain on my relationship. I feel helpless and guilty. I want it to go away, and I want to make my woman happy again.
dataset: It is completely understandable that you would like to find a way to make these intrusive thoughts go away, however, your feeling that you can't control having these thoughts is accurate. It's also understandable that you would feel helpless and guilty, given that you see how these thoughts are effecting your relationship, though I would encourage you to go easy on yourself and remember that you aren't choosing to have these thoughts. I'm sure that if there was a switch to turn them off, you would flip it. There is no magic technique or pill that can guarantee these thoughts will go away, however, therapy may still have a lot to offer. In working with a competent therapist, you may be able to gain insight into where these thoughts are coming from and develop new ways of relating to them so that they do not leave you feeling as helpless and guilty and can be more present with your partner. Though there is no guarantee that the thoughts will go away, this may also be a result of work with a therapist. Either way, you may be able to find a way to deal with the thoughts and show up in your relationship in a way that will be satisfying to you and your partner.
chatbot: It sounds like you have a lot of feelings around this issue. Is there anything you can tell me about when these thoughts and urges start? Are they always present or do they come and go? Do they cause you distress or are you able to manage them?"}

question: I am a teenager, and my brother is a few years older. He has a girlfriend who is always with him. He never hangs out with me anymore. We were really close, and it is making me really sad.
dataset: Hi Zionsville. It's so sweet that you have a special relationship with your brother. You will ALWAYS have that, you know? He's doing what's natural at his age...spreading his wings and looking for love. You may be heading into that zone soon too, but I get that it's weird that he's there before you, and you miss him. Try to respect your brother's autonomy, wish him well, be friendly with his girlfriend, and it's also okay to say "Hey, bro, I'm still here. When can we hang out!?"
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling lonely and sad. Is there anything I can do to help? Maybe we could come up with some activities that you two can do together."}

question: I've been hurt by a man for five years. He doesn't involve me with the family or kids. Everyone in the family is against me. There is a Mass today for a family member, and he never asked me to go. I'm to sit home alone now and Christmas too. He expects me to sit alone while he enjoys being with the family. We are in our 50s, and it hurts that he won't even think of me or involve me as part of the family. He doesn't even care. I am leaving him as soon as possible, but I hurt so bad that I didn't know who to turn too. I'm now in this low funk of depression, and I'm scared because I do stupid things to myself and give up. I have no friends because I was a truck driver. I've been getting serious headaches and can't sleep. I don't eat; I've lost my appetite. This has been going on for a couple weeks now.
dataset: Hi Florida, I get the sense that, aside from this relationship, you're quite isolated in general. It's sad that you're feeling excluded at Christmastime and family events. While I would suggest that you don't really know what he or his family are thinking or feeling (you assume they're against you, and that he doesn't care), he is certainly behaving in a very distant, excluding manner and it's understandable that you would feel rejected and hurt.  How long has this part been happening? Has he always acted this way, or is it more recent? Did something happen recently? You mentioned doing "stupid things to yourself", and I don't know what that means. If you are engaging in self-harm he may be confused about what to do and he might need some time to think and be separate but is having trouble talking about this. Part of the problem, of course, is that you don't know what's going on for him. Certainly, you deserve the truth, and if he doesn't want to spend time with you, I would hope he would be honest. Have you been open to hearing the truth from him? Is there any reason for him to hesitate to tell you why he's being distant? Maybe you could ask him, if you are ready to hear. I'm glad to hear that you believe that you deserve a full, loving relationship, although it seems that moving forward might be difficult for you. Is it possible your happiness is a bit too dependant on this man? I'm just guessing, based on what you've said here.    It seems that it's possible your situation has led to some depression, and I would recommend a session with a qualified therapist to help you sort this out. You will need support, even if the relationship is repaired. Best of luck.
chatbot: I'm so sorry to hear that you are feeling this way. It must be very difficult and painful. What do you need from me? How can I help?"}

question: I found out today that my wife is cheating on me. I love her, but she won’t tell the truth even when I have proof. When I beg her to tell the truth, she yells, cusses, and gets a huge attitude.
dataset: Hi Prattville,  I'm sorry this is happening to you. You need support right now, and yes, you need answers. She is in denial and is trying to hide the truth, to protect herself. This is a natural behaviour. You don't indicate whether she wants the marriage, or is planning to leave. Which way you go from here depends in part on the answer to that question.  If she wants the marriage, you certainly have the right to say "I need answers to all my questions". Giving you the information she needs has to be (if she wants the marriage) more important than protecting herself. I would support your right to advocate for all the information you need in order to feel secure or make decisions. She may fear that the truth will turn you away. If you want to, you can reassure her that you want the marriage no matter what the truth is. If the marriage is to survive, it needs openness. If, on the other hand, she's planning to end the marriage, then you might want to resign yourself to the fact that you may never get the information you seek. You are better off, in that case, seeking support from friends and family rather than beating on a closed door.  Your wife has some decisions to make. Try to give her a bit of time to make them. You can patiently say "I know this thing is happening. Talk to me so we can deal with it together. I want to move forward but I need the truth." Only time (and a good therapist, if she is willing and wants the marriage) will tell which way this one will go. Individually, you can seek professional help as well.
chatbot: I understand how difficult this must be for you. It seems like you need some space to process what is happening. Can we talk about it more next week?")

question: I never get infections or scars or anything, and it doesn't bother me if it gets filled up with blood or something, but I'm concerned.
dataset: Hi Houston, The fact that you're concerned says a lot. If I was your therapist I'd ask you questions about your worries and how this is causing a problem in your life. You're causing perhaps permanent changes (damage?) to your body, and it's likely you're trying to express something...pain maybe? A therapist can help you to explore what's going on for you and how to get your needs for self-expression met in a more healthy way. Good luck!
chatbot: It's understandable to be worried about this. What can you do to help manage your concerns?", "patient": "I don't know. Maybe get checked out by a doctor or something?"}

question: I have lately been having lots of anxiety and self-loathing about the fact that I am a young adult virgin girl who has never had a boyfriend before. It seems like everyone my age has already had boyfriends by now or are not virgins anymore, and I just had my first kiss five months ago. I’m worried that, at this rate, I won’t have a boyfriend for a very long time. The problem is that I want to lose my virginity to my first boyfriend who cares about me, but at the same time, I don't want to be waiting forever in order to experience sex. I have already given in to bad temptations by hooking up with random strangers on social media sites and having oral sex with them. Luckily, they were nice guys, but none of them wanted a relationship with me. I feel dirty by doing this, but I feel pressured to do this things in order to seem normal. Most people are surprised when they find out that I am a virgin or never had a boyfriend because people think I am really good looking. I am tall, I play lots of sports, and I get excellent grades in school. I am in my first year of university right now, and no guys have approached me to go out on a date or showed any interest. It bothers me. Most of the people in my family have been in relationships at my age already. I feel like I will be single forever sometimes.
dataset: Hi Winters, I'm so glad you wrote, because I think there are a lot of young women experiencing the exact same thing. You feel self-loathing for both being a virgin, and for being sexually active. Young women have always gotten crazy mixed messages about what they're supposed to be. They feel pressure to be pure, and they also feel pressure to be the vixen and please men sexually. But you can't be both, so you can't ever win if you buy into all that horse manure (excuse my language).  This current hook-up culture puts added pressure on girls to expect nothing more than random sexual encounters that leave you feeling empty and used; perhaps desirable in that moment but mostly worthless. The stupid part is that research tells us that young men are also impacted negatively by this cultural norm that values sex and not relationship; they feel guilt, and loneliness.   I urge you to talk to other girls and women about your feelings. My hope and prayer is that they will echo my words here. Your value and power cannot ever be found in whether a man wants you, whether you turn his eye, or how he treats you. Your sexuality is a beautiful part of who you are, and it is to be celebrated. I love that you want to celebrate it with someone who cares. Who you are is so very much more than your sexuality. You sound like you have a lot of things going for you. Try to see all of those things when you think of yourself. There are many more virgins out there, and many are afraid, like you, that they don't fit in. We are all different, and you don't have to be anything but who you want to be; who you are. You don't have to have any kind of sex until you're ready, and that makes you brave and smart, not weird. You're tall and beautiful, and guys may be intimidated by that. It may take time for you to meet the right guy, but he's out there. The question is: How do you want to spend your time until he crosses your path?  I hope you talk to someone soon and find out that your feelings are normal. I wish you the best.
chatbot: It is normal to feel anxious about this situation, but there are many things that you can do in order to find a boyfriend or even lose your virginity. Firstly, you should focus on developing yourself and your interests outside of dating. Meetup with other people who share the same interests as you. You could also take online classes or join activities which will help you meet new people and make friends. Secondly, try to be open-minded about opportunities that come your way. When a guy is interested in getting to know you better, do not close the door immediately. Instead, give him an opportunity to get to know the real you. Finally, do not be afraid to take initiative and ask guys out on dates. You can start by finding common ground with them and then take it from there.", "therapist2": "It is okay to feel anxious about this situation, but there are many things that you can do in order to find a boyfriend or even lose your virginity. Firstly, focus on developing yourself and your interests outside of dating. Meetup with other people who share the same interests as you. You could also take online classes or join activities which will help you meet new people and make friends. Secondly, be open-minded about opportunities that come your way. When a guy is interested in getting to know you better, do not close the door immediately. Instead, give him an opportunity to get to know the real you. Finally, take initiative and ask guys out on dates. You can start by finding common ground with them and then take it from there." }

question: At school, it feels like I've lost all my friends, and I've been really weird with my sleeping patterns. I used to cut myself, and I really want to again, but I change in the locker rooms because I don’t want anybody to see. I get ticked off easy and overreact. At night, I’m very depressed and listen to sad music and all that sort of stuff. Please help me. I just want to be happy again, and I feel like I’m starting to fake a smile at school.
dataset: As silly as it may sound, making sure that we are getting the right amount of *restful* sleep is very important when we are feeling low.  The reason for this is the lack of proper sleep significantly affects our ability to problem solve and critically evaluate our situation and can lead to a domino effect in our thinking.   I know you feel that you may be losing your friendships, but what are the facts that have led to this belief? Really ask yourself, "are they facts?" or are they your perspective on events.  In regards to your coping behaviours at night, it sounds very isolating and also very silenced.  As opposed to the sad music, why not try all music, allowing yourself to experience the wide breadth of emotions that are circling within you.  One of the other recommendations I would make would be to try and journal about some of those thoughts and fears in order to release them in a positively cathartic way.  Some of the behaviours that you have mentioned are a bit more significant, though and I would recommend speaking with someone directly in the near future.
chatbot: I'm so sorry to hear that. It sounds really tough. Is there anything specific you need help with? Anything that might make it easier for you at school?"}

question: For my whole life, I’ve been very unconfident, insecure, and self-questioning. I'm super quiet because I'm scared of what people will think of me. I avoid all social situations as it causes me great anxiety. It is how both of my parents have always been, and I feel like I'm doomed to that life also. It makes it super hard for me at work as the other employees try to use me and walk all over me because I’m too nice. It causes me depression and brings me down. I’m in my early twenties, and I really need to create a better life for myself. I've been like this for so long, so how do I change?
dataset: One of the greatest ways that we can promote ourselves s by learning how to assert ourselves.  Despite what most people think of when they hear the word assertive, assertive communication is one of the best ways to manage interpersonal conflict as well as maintain personal boundaries.  Once we become comfortable with acknowledging our boundaries, there is usually a follow-up whereby we realize that we have the right to those boundaries.  In effect, assertiveness communication becomes it's own self-motivating force in managing positive self-esteem. You may want to invest in a workbook that can help you to develop these skills on your own, or work directly with a therapist to develop them in a safe situation.   One of the Workbooks that I have found to be very helpful is, "The Assertiveness Workbook: How to Express your Ideas and Stand Up for Yourself at Work and in Relationships" by Randy J Paterson.
chatbot: It sounds like you are dealing with some difficult emotions. It is understandable that these feelings have caused you to feel isolated and unhappy. A big part of therapy is creating a safe space to explore your thoughts and feelings, which can help you find ways to make changes in your life. I'm here to listen and support you as you work through this process."}

question: I'm scared that I am with this man so I won't be alone. He should be with somebody who deserves him if this is the case, and I don’t want to hurt him.
dataset: While not wanting to be alone may not be the best reason to be in a relationship, it is probably more common and normal a reason than you think.  Since you seem to care about your friend ("don't want to hurt him"), I imagine there are many other reasons that you are together.  I suggest that you talk about this open-heartedly with each other.  The idea of being afraid of being alone sounds like an honest starting place.  Don't try to "figure out" whether you should be with him.  Just talk.  The communication is likely to shine light on deepening connection for BOTH OF YOU. In the meantime, your idea that you don't deserve him is rooted in a "core lie" that you are telling yourself.  You can read about "core lies" and much more in my book, Living Yes, a Handbook for Being Human.  Check out www.LivingYes.org. Be easy on yourself.  You are deserving! ~Mark
chatbot: It sounds like you are feeling a lot of fear and uncertainty about being in this relationship. Are there any particular reasons why you feel this way? Maybe we could explore those and come up with some options for how to move forward if that feels right for you."}

question: My mom and I have been fighting a lot now, and I just want a good relationship with her.
dataset: The best way to work on a relationship is for both people to engage with the problem and start communicating with each other more effectively.  One of the hardest things about this, however, is getting both people within the relationship to recognize that they are both responsible for the successes and failures within the relationship and remove all the all-or-nothing blame.  The best style of communication is open and asking for clarification; why not try asking your mother why this particular fight/situation is eliciting such an angry response.  Often, the simple act of expressing that we don't understand the other person's point of view can open the doors to better levels of communication. The hardest part is trying to remain humble as we seek out that clarification and avoid the blaming language we are so used to using in such times.
chatbot: That's understandable. Can you tell me more about the fights? What are they usually about?"}

question: I have been in a relationship with my boyfriend for about six years now. In the past, our relationship was difficult and frustrating. We argued a lot, and due to that, there was a lot of tension between us. We stayed together because we love each other and wanted to make it work. I used to party a lot, and several times I got into situations where I would end up kissing someone else. These situations were never more than just kissing. I have come clean about these situations with my boyfriend, and he decided to forgive and move forward with me. I love him so much and want to work things out too, but I'm having a difficult time understanding how he can forgive me. I can't seem to forgive myself. I'm overwhelmed with feelings of guilt and unworthiness.
dataset: So wonderful to have a boyfriend who is able to understand and forgive you. What do you think that he sees in you that allows him to do that? Does he see someone who like other humans makes mistakes? Does he see someone who despite hurtful choices is a good person committed to being a loving respectful partner? The compassion and understanding that we can often extend to others can be difficult to extend to ourselves.  We often hold very unrealistic and perfectionist expectations for ourselves which may even lead to our poor choices in the first place - as a ways of letting off steam or rebelling against our high standards. Regardless of the reasons, we all make mistakes and imperfection does not make someone less loveable - it just makes them human. If your boyfriend is able to start clean with you, there must be a reason.  What you do from here on out will define the kind of partner you are to him. Can you treat him with the kind of respect that you would want? Can you help him to feel loved and safe in the relationship ? Can you allow yourself to be imperfect and afraid and still worthy of love and acceptance. When you are feeling ashamed of your behaviours - try to imagine extending that scared part of you the same love and acceptance that you might extend to other people who have made mistakes. It is not easy to forgive ourselves but it is important in order to allow ourselves to be loved and to truly love others.
chatbot: It is natural to feel guilty and unworthy after making mistakes in relationships. It is also commendable that you were open and honest about these situations with your boyfriend, and he chose to forgive and move forward with you. One way of looking at this is as an opportunity for growth - for both of you. Have a discussion with your boyfriend about how you both can take advantage of this opportunity to learn more about each other, communicate better in the future, and strengthen your relationship. This is a chance to deepen the trust between you and create something even stronger. You could also look into couples counseling if you feel that might help.",
